Deathblade Trainee	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	93	B	B	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Deathblade Trainee gets +2/+0 as long as you’ve reached godhood.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShaper of Pain	B	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	118	B	1B	T, Pay 1 life: Add B.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEForge from Flesh	B	common	Sorcery	96	B	1B	Create a 2/2 black Homunculus creature token.
Bloodborn 3—B (B: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECrumbling Corpse	B	common	Creature — Zombie 	92	B	2B	When Crumbling Corpse dies, you may pay X. If you do, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGnarled Outcast	B	common	Creature — Horror 	98	B	2B	1, T, Discard a card: Each player loses 2 life.	2/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMERaven's Reaver	B	common	Creature — Ogre Knight 	114	B	2B	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Raven’s Reaver has deathtouch and lifelink as long as you’ve reached godhood.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlossoming Corpse	B	common	Creature — Fungus Zombie 	89	B	3B	When Blossoming Corpse enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.
2, Discard two cards: Return Blossoming Corpse from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEReaper of Sotak	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	115	B	3B	When Reaper of Sotak enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, create two 1/1 white Eye creature tokens.	4/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESotak's Huntsman	B	common	Creature — Horror 	121	B	4B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 3. If you do, Sotak’s Huntsman enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.	5/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEIt from Beneath	B	common	Creature — Mole Horror 	103	B	5B	Deathtouch
Effigy 2B (When you discard this card, you may pay 2B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	5/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGrim Anchorite	G	common	Creature — Human Nomad 	181	G	G	When Grim Anchorite dies, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a creature card or a land card, put it into your hand. Otherwise, put that card into your graveyard.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGore-Fed Guardian	G	common	Creature — Wolf 	180	G	1G	Gore-Fed Guardian enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if a creature died this turn.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPrimal Pontiff	G	common	Creature — Beast Cleric 	193	G	1G	When Primal Pontiff dies, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGnarled Wastrel	G	common	Creature — Mutant 	178	G	2G	Trample
When Gnarled Wastrel dies, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGuttural Outcast	G	common	Creature — Beast Warrior 	182	G	2G	When Guttural Outcast enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature or artifact. If you do, draw a card.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWill of the Supplicants	G	common	Creature — Horror 	207	G	2G	Will of the Supplicants gets +1/+1 as long as you control three or more creatures.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESinister Beastcaller	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	197	G	3G	When Sinister Beastcaller enters the battlefield, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDevotee of Ginilla	G	common	Creature — Ogre Nomad 	171	G	1G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 2.
Trample	4/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMECarrion Goliath	G	common	Creature — Worm 	169	G	4G	G, Sacrifice another creature: Carrion Goliath gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery and only once each turn.	4/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEVengeance Incarnate	G	common	Creature — Incarnation 	206	G	4GG	This spell cost 1 less to cast for each permanent put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	5/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFaithless Ogre	G	common	Creature — Ogre Nomad 	174	G	4GG	Trample	6/6		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEViscera Eater	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	166	R	R	Whenever you cast a spell with bloodborn, put a +1/+1 counter on Viscera Eater.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEKnight of Ruin	R	common	Creature — Zombie Knight 	148	R	1R	When Knight of Ruin enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
• Sacrifice an artifact. When you do, Knight of Ruin deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDisciple of Sotak	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	137	R	1RR	When Disciple of Sotak enters the battlefield or dies, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEViscera Thrasher	R	common	Artifact Creature — Blood Squid 	167	R	1R	When Viscera Thrasher enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAshen Penitant	R	common	Creature — Ogre Rogue 	129	R	2R	Menace
Whenever Ashen Penitant deals combat damage to a player, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	2/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMECrimson Cultist	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	136	R	2R	When Crimson Cultist enters the battlefield or dies, create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEOutrider of Sotak	R	common	Creature — Ogre Knight 	152	R	2RR	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Outrider of Sotak has trample and haste as long as you’ve reached godhood.	4/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGore Feeder	R	common	Creature — Slug 	142	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Blood or pay 1.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFlesh-Mad Savage	R	common	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	140	R	4R	Whenever Flesh-Mad Savage attacks, you may sacrifice a Blood. If you, Flesh-Mad Savage gains menace until end of turn.	5/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBurning Shade	R	common	Creature — Shade 	134	R	3RR	Haste
2: Burning Shade gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	4/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWizened Disciple	U	uncommon	Creature — Horror Wizard 	84	U	U	Whenever you draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, put a +1/+1 counter on Wizened Disciple.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGod-Watched Acolyte	U	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	58	U	1U	1, T, Sacrifice God-Watched Acolyte: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEKnight of Wrack	U	common	Creature — Zombie Knight 	63	U	1U	When Knight of Wrack enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
• Sacrifice an artifact. When you do, return target creature to its owner’s hand.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWingbeat Dreamer	U	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	83	U	2U	Flying
3U: Target Mystic you control gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEExultant Cultist	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	52	U	2U	When Exultant Cultist dies, draw a card.	2/2		normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEGrim Iconoclast	U	common	Creature — Ogre Mystic 	62	U	3U	When Grim Iconoclast enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw a card.	2/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAcolyte of Mabrea	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	43	U	3U	Flying
When Acolyte of Mabrea enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGreat Worm's Progeny	U	common	Creature — Worm 	61	U	4U	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)
Great Worm’s Progeny has flying as long as you control a Mystic.	4/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAfflicted Failure	U	common	Creature — Ogre Mutant 	45	U	4UU	Effigy U (When you discard this card, you may pay U. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	6/6		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEJourneying Pilgrim	W	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	23	W	W	When Journeying Pilgrim dies, create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBreathweaver Acolyte	W	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	9	W	1W	Flying
Whenever Breathweaver Acolyte attacks, another target attacking Mystic gains flying until end of turn.	1/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHumble Supplicant	W	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	21	W	1W	Vigilance	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEIneffable Incense	W	common	Creature — Shade 	22	W	W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Ineffable Incense gets +2/+1 as long as you’ve reached godhood.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEParasitic Strix	W	common	Creature — Bird Horror 	31	W	1W	Flying	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDeathmask Cultist	W	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	11	W	2W	Lifelink	3/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDeparting Soul	W	common	Creature — Spirit 	12	W	2W	Flying
When Departing Soul dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESacrificial Ghoul	W	common	Creature — Spirit 	35	W	2W	When Sacrificial Ghoul enters the battlefield, put a stun counter on target creature an opponent controls. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMENight's Harbinger	W	common	Creature — Shade 	26	W	3W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Night’s Harbinger gets +2/+1 as long as you’ve reached godhood.	3/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEVision of the Blessed	W	common	Creature — Horror 	42	W	3W	Lifelink
Effigy W (When you discard this card, you may pay W. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFaceless Executioner	W	common	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	14	W	3WW	When Faceless Executioner enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Faceless Executioner leaves the battlefield.	4/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHarried Ancient	W	common	Creature — Giant 	19	W	4WW	Vigilance
When Harried Ancient enters the battlefield, if you’ve reached godhood, create two 1/1 white Eye creature tokens.	3/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBanishing Edict	W	common	Sorcery	6	W	1W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Destroy target creature if it’s tapped or if you’ve reached godhood.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFate of the Bloodless	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	16	W	1W	Enchant creature or artifact
Enchanted permanent is a Blood artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.” and it loses all other abilities. 			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEEmpty Prayer	W	common	Instant	13	W	1W	Choose one or both —
• Destroy target creature token.
• Create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMENightghost's Howl	W	common	Instant	25	W	1W	Target attacking or blocking creature phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)
Draw a card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESacred Riteknife	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	34	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +2/+1 and has vigilance.
Equip 2			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGolden Light	W	common	Instant	18	W	1W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
Bloodborn 2—W (W: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEReach through Eternity	W	common	Instant	33	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEArdent Kouropalates	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	3	W	W	When Ardent Kouropalates dies, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMETorrent of Fury	W	uncommon	Sorcery	39	W	1W	Choose two. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.
• Intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAvenger of the First Ones	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	5	W	2WW	Flash
When Avenger of the First Ones enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target attacking or blocking creature equal to the number of creatures you control.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPerverter of Slumber	W	uncommon	Creature — Shade 	32	W	WW	When Perverter of Slumber enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShackled Sacrifice	W	uncommon	Creature — Beast Serf 	36	W	1WW	Defender
Shackled Sacrifice can attack as though it didn’t have defender as long as you attack with two or more other creatures.	4/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAdorned Exemplar	W	uncommon	Creature — Giant Cleric 	1	W	4W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Adorned Exemplar has double strike as long as you’ve reached godhood.	4/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBonded Scrivener	W	uncommon	Creature — Horror Mystic 	8	W	1WW	Flying
When Bonded Scrivener enters the battlefield, draw a card.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMELegion of the Cold Sun	W	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Knight 	24	W	1W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control three or more creatures, put a +1/+1 counter on Legion of the Cold Sun.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Number of Nothingness	W	uncommon	Sorcery	27	W	2W	Put target creature into its owner’s library just beneath the top seven cards of that library			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPalimpsest	W	uncommon	Enchantment	29	W	1WW	When Palimpsest enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Palimpsest leaves the battlefield.
Effigy 2W (When you discard this card, you may pay 2W. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlessings of a Dead God	W	uncommon	Instant	7	W	1W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If you’ve reached godhood, those creatures get +2/+2 until end of turn instead.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAscendance	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	4	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying and vigilance.
When enchanted creature dies, return either it or Ascendance to its owner’s hand.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETouch Eternity	W	uncommon	Enchantment	40	W	1W	Each player can’t cast spells with mana value greater than the number of lands that player controls.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPillar of Smoke	U	common	Creature — Shade 	70	U	U	Effigy U (When you discard this card, you may pay U. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	0/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Number of Denial	U	uncommon	Instant	68	U	1U	Target opponent mills seven cards.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEForeboding Skies	U	common	Instant	56	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.
Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFrozen Blood	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	57	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Frozen Blood enters the battlefield, if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDepths of Despair	U	common	Instant	49	U	1U	You may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, look at the top six cards of your library. Otherwise, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMemory of Failure	U	common	Instant	66	U	2U	Draw two cards. Then discard a card unless you sacrifice a Blood.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESink into Shadow	U	common	Instant	73	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Blood or pay 1.
Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESoulstorm	U	common	Instant	75	U	U	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn. If that creature is a Mystic, draw a card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBloodless Winter	U	common	Sorcery	46	U	U	Tap target creature and put a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)
Bloodborn 2—U (U: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGodblood Font	U	common	Artifact	59	U	1U	1U, T, Sacrifice Godblood Font: Draw two cards.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDevotee of Pain	U	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	50	U	U	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Devotee of Pain gets +1/+0 and can’t be blocked as long as you’ve reached godhood.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFaceless Ponderer	U	uncommon	Creature — Horror Mystic 	53	U	1U	Whenever another Mystic enters the battlefield under your control, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGore Exemplar	U	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Knight 	60	U	2U	When Gore Exemplar enters the battlefield, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
Bloods you control have “T, Sacrifice this permanent: Draw a card, then discard a card.”	2/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFleshcrafter's Convert	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mutant 	55	U	3U	Constructs you control get +1/+0.
Effigy 2U (When you discard this card, you may pay 2U. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEScuttling Ascendant	U	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	72	U	5U	This spell costs 1 less for each card you’ve discarded this turn.	4/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThrice Damned	U	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Mystic Horror 	77	U	2U	Effigy 0 (When you discard this card, you may pay 0. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBonded Fetch	U	uncommon	Creature — Homunculus 	47	U	2U	Defender, haste
T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	0/2		normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEFlash of Epiphany	U	uncommon	Instant	54	U	U	Draw two cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order
Bloodborn 2—U (U: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAcrid Incense	U	common	Instant	44	U	2UU	Counter target spell.
Intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEStark Monolith	U	uncommon	Artifact	76	U	U	T: Target player mills a card.
Effigy 1U (When you discard this card, you may pay 1U. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMabrea's Scorn	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	65	U	1UU	Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a colorless Construct creature with base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBreakthrough	U	uncommon	Sorcery	48	U	XU	Draw four cards, then choose X cards in your hand and discard the rest.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEVision of the First Ones	U	uncommon	Instant	81	U	1U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. If that permanent was a blocking creature, draw a card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBeseech the Tyrant	B	common	Instant	87	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. If its mana value was 3 or less, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECertain Death	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	5B	Destroy target creature. Its controller loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMESmite the Gods	B	common	Instant	120	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature.
Bloodborn 4—1B (1B: Exile this from your graveyard with four gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Number of Mortality	B	uncommon	Instant	111	B	1BB	Target creature gets -7/-7 until end of turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShadow of the First Ones	B	common	Sorcery	117	B	2B	You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.
Bloodborn 3—B (B: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAncient Offering	B	common	Artifact	85	B	B	3, T, Sacrifice Ancient Offering: Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Effigy 1B (When you discard this card, you may pay 1B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMind Feast	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	1B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEVeil of Beyond	B	common	Instant	126	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gets +1/+1 and gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDevour the Young	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	B	Remove up to two counters from target permanent or target card in exile.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDour Lacerator	B	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Rogue 	95	B	B	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life unless you’ve reached godhood.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGraven Abomination	B	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	100	B	1BB	When Graven Abomination enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Effigy 3B (When you discard this card, you may pay 3B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESquealing Revel	B	uncommon	Enchantment	122	B	1B	At the beginning of your end step, you may discard two cards. If you do, create a 2/2 black Homunculus creature token.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlood Speaker	B	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Shaman 	88	B	3B	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice Blood Speaker. If you do, search your library for a Demon card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever a Demon enters the battlefield under your control, return Blood Speaker from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEMuse of Gluttony	B	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	109	B	3BB	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Muse of Gluttony. Put two +1/+1 counters on it instead if you’ve reached godhood.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHarvester of the Lost	B	uncommon	Creature — Shade 	102	B	1B	Harvester of the Lost can’t block.
You may cast Harvester of the Lost from your graveyard as long as you’ve reached godhood.	3/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMENether Orb	B	uncommon	Artifact	110	B	1B	1, T: Exile target card from a graveyard.
1, T, Sacrifice Nether Orb: Exile all graveyards.
Effigy B (When you discard this card, you may pay B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGateway to Forever	B	common	Instant	97	B	B	Destroy target enchantment you don’t control. You lose 3 life.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECadaver Synod	B	uncommon	Sorcery	90	B	4BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains “Whenever this creature dies, exile it. When you do, destroy target creature an opponent controls.”			normal	KSH		REPLACEMERen's Decree	B	uncommon	Sorcery	116	B	1BB	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Whenever a creature dies this turn, you gain 1 life.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMelancholia	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may discard a card.
Target player reveals three cards from their hand. If the additional cost was paid, instead that player reveals all the cards in their hand. You choose one of them. That player discards that card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPentimento	B	uncommon	Sorcery	113	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a nonland permanent.
Search your library for a card that shares a type with the sacrificed permanent, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEUnclean Hands	B	uncommon	Instant	125	B	XB	Exile up to X target cards from a single graveyard. You gain X life.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMELibation of Gore	R	common	Sorcery	149	R	1R	Libation of Gore deals 2 damage to any target.
Intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Number of Fury	R	uncommon	Instant	151	R	4R	This spell can’t be countered.
The Number of Fury deals 7 damage to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESinister Bloodsong	R	common	Sorcery	161	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlasphemous Heat	R	common	Instant	132	R	2R	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. If you’ve reached godhood, they gain trample until end of turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBasal Armillary	R	common	Artifact	130	R	1R	T, Sacrifice an artifact: Exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGods' Blood	WB	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	223	WB	1WB	Enchant creature
Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
As long as you’ve reached godhood, enchanted creature is a 7/7 Demon God with indestructible in addition to its other types and abilities.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESacrament of Filth	R	common	Instant	156	R	1R	Target creature gets +3/+2 until end of turn.
Bloodborn 2—R (R: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShackled Sun	R	common	Artifact	158	R	R	3, T, Sacrifice Shackled Sun: It deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
Effigy 2 (When you discard this card, you may pay 2. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESanguine Blade	R	common	Artifact — Blood Equipment 	157	R	1R	Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice Sanguine Blade: Draw a card.
Equip 2			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEProfane Idolator	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	154	R	R	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Sacrifice Profane Idolator: It deals 4 damage to target opponent. Activate only if you’ve reached godhood.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESotak's Cleaver	R	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	164	R	1RR	Haste
Whenever Sotak’s Cleaver deals combat damage to a player, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAnointed Chosen	R	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Shaman 	127	R	1R	You may sacrifice Anointed Chosen rather than another permanent you control to pay a cost.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Sins of Impure Blood	R	uncommon	Creature — Horror Elemental 	162	R	2RR	When The Sins of Impure Blood enters the battlefield, intone, then The Sins of Impure Blood deals damage to up to any target equal to the number of Bloods you control. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFleshweb Penitent	R	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Mutant 	141	R	3RR	Whenever you sacrifice a Blood or whenever a Blood enters the battlefield under your control, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	5/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGorebound Fetch	R	common	Creature — Homunculus 	144	R	1R	When Gorebound Fetch enters the battlefield, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
1, Sacrifice a Blood: Gorebound Fetch gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBorn of Gore	R	uncommon	Sorcery	133	R	1RR	Create two 3/1 red Graveborn creature tokens with trample and haste. Sacrifice those tokens at the beginning of the next end step.
Bloodborn 4—RR (RR: Exile this from your graveyard with four gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPrice in Blood	R	uncommon	Sorcery	153	R	1R	Price in Blood deals damage to each player equal to the number of nonbasic lands that player controls.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESpine of God	R	uncommon	Sorcery	165	R	2R	Spine of God deals 2 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.
Bloodborn 3—RR (RR: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESotak's Bloodfire	R	common	Instant	163	R	2R	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Sotak’s Bloodfire deals 3 damage to any target. If you’ve reached godhood, it deals 4 damage instead.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEClose to Perfection	R	uncommon	Sorcery	135	R	1R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. Until end of turn, it gains haste and becomes a 3/3 Demigod.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBathe in Divinity	R	uncommon	Enchantment	131	R	2R	When Bathe in Divinity enters the battlefield, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may sacrifice a Blood. If you do, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESin Is a Good Man's Brother	R	uncommon	Sorcery	160	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Blood or discard a card.
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMerciless Nature	G	common	Sorcery	187	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.
Bloodborn 2—G (G: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPillars of Tomorrow	G	common	Instant	191	G	2G	Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEInfernal Gyre	G	common	Instant	184	G	1G	Untap target creature you control. It gets +2/+2 and gains reach until end of turn.
Bloodborn 2—G (G: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEInto the Dark	G	common	Sorcery	185	G	1G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them or from your graveyard and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Number of Immortality	G	uncommon	Sorcery	189	G	4G	Target creature gets +7/+7 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShattered Spurs	G	common	Sorcery	195	G	1G	You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. Shattered Spurs deals damage to target creature with flying equal to the number of lands you control.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETortured Earth	G	common	Sorcery	203	G	2G	Search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. If that land is basic, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEVanish into Mortality	G	common	Instant	205	G	3G	Choose one or both —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFragment of Ginilla	G	uncommon	Creature — Horror 	176	G	G	Whenever you remove a counter from a card you own in exile, put a +1/+1 counter on Fragment of Ginilla.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESolemn Hesychast	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Serf 	198	G	1G	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
T: Add G. If you’ve reached godhood, instead add GG.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFiend Enslaver	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	175	G	1GG	When Fiend Enslaver attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWithered Godhead	G	common	Creature — Zombie 	208	G	2GG	When Withered Godhead enters the battlefield or dies, create a 2/2 black Homunculus creature token.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMETo Mega Therion	G	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	201	G	3GG	When To Mega Therion enters the battlefield, mill four cards.
To Mega Therion’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your graveyard plus the number of cards with bloodborn you own in exile.	*/*		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGaping Colossus	G	uncommon	Creature — Leviathan 	177	G	4GG	Gaping Colossus can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
3, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Gaping Colossus.	6/6		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEChildren of Lesser Flesh	G	uncommon	Creature — Homunculus 	170	G	1G	Trample
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Children of Lesser Flesh.	1/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Inevitability of Rot	G	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Giant 	183	G	XG	The Inevitability of Rot enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When The Inevitability of Rot enters the battlefield, destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent with mana value X or less.	0/0		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWrought from Suffering	G	uncommon	Sorcery	209	G	1G	Mill three cards. You may put a land card from among the milled cards or from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESubservience through Faith	G	uncommon	Instant	200	G	2G	Distribute four +1/+1 counters among up to four target creatures you control.
Bloodborn 3—1G (1G: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEErythragennetos	G	uncommon	Sorcery	173	G	2G	Create a 3/3 green Demigod creature token with trample.
Bloodborn 3—G (G: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEInvoke the Congregants	G	common	Instant	186	G	G	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. It gets an additional +2/+2 until end of turn if you control three or more creatures.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGods' Grave	G	uncommon	Sorcery	179	G	2G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
Bloodborn 2—2G (2G: Exile this from your graveyard with two gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECultist of Smoke	BR	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	215	BR	1BR	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 as long as you’ve reached godhood.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMETotem Carver	UB	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Artificer 	237	UB	2UB	When Totem Carver enters the battlefield, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Effigy costs you pay cost 1 less to pay.	4/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDistant Ritual	UG	uncommon	Enchantment	217	UG	GU	When Distant Ritual enters the battlefield, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn, scry 1 and put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGoreweaver	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	225	RG	1RG	Whenever Goreweaver attacks, you may remove a gore counter from any number of cards you own in exile with bloodborn.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFleshweb Ritual	WG	uncommon	Instant	219	WG	GW	Create a 1/1 white Eye creature token. When you do, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGods' Bones	WB	uncommon	Instant	224	WB	WB	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Draw a card. Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. If you’ve reached godhood, repeat this process once.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESublimated Offering	UR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Blood Construct 	235	UR	UR	When Sublimated Offering enters the battlefield, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
T, Sacrifice Sublimated Offering: Return target noncreature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDevotee of the Worm	WU	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Mystic 	216	WU	1WU	Other Mystics you control get +2/+0.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPerfection through Pain	WR	uncommon	Sorcery	229	WR	RW	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control if you’ve reached godhood. Then Perfection through Pain deals 2 damage to each creature.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWrought Obelisk		common	Artifact	251	C	2	T: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.
Effigy 2 (When you discard this card, you may pay 2. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEArtificial Acolyte		common	Artifact Creature — Homunculus 	241	C	3	When Artificial Acolyte enters the battlefield, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEWalking Reliquary		common	Artifact Creature — Knight 	250	C	6	Walking Reliquary costs 2 less to cast as long as you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.	5/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMECeremonial Attire		common	Artifact — Equipment 	243	C	1	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
Equip 2			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMask of the First Ones		common	Artifact	248	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Mask of the First Ones:  Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Effigy 2 (When you discard this card, you may pay 2. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESlavering Temple		common	Land	259	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Slavering Temple: Create a 2/2 black Homunculus creature token. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBleached Grotto		rare	Land	252	WB		Bleached Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or B.
Effigy 1W/B (When you discard this card, you may pay 1W/B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECharred Grotto		rare	Land	254	WR		Charred Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or W.
Effigy 1R/W (When you discard this card, you may pay 1R/W. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGnarled Grotto		rare	Land	257	BG		Gnarled Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or G.
Effigy 1B/G (When you discard this card, you may pay 1B/G. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEKnotted Grotto		rare	Land	258	UG		Knotted Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or U.
Effigy 1G/U (When you discard this card, you may pay 1G/U. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDesolated Grotto		rare	Land	255	UR		Desolated Grotto enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or R.
Effigy 1U/R (When you discard this card, you may pay 1U/R. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESotak, First Across the Veil	WBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon God 	234	WBG	WBG	Unless you’ve reached godhood, Sotak, First Across the Veil is an enchantment and isn’t a creature.
Whenever a creature dies for the first time each turn, you may pay life equal to its mana value. If you do, return it to the battlefield under your control. The same is true for artifacts, enchantments, and planeswalkers.	7/7		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlood		common	Token Artifact — Blood 	12	C		1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	KSH		REPLACEMEEffigy		common	Token Creature — Construct 	1	C		This token can be used to represent a token that’s a copy of a permanent.	1/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	262	C					normal	KSH		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	263	C					normal	KSH		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	264	C					normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	265	C					normal	KSH		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	266	C					normal	KSH		REPLACEMEEye	W	common	Token Creature — Eye 	4	W			1/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMEUkarth Ren, Fleshcrafter	UB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Ren 	238	UB	1UB			[0]: You may sacrifice a creature. If you do, you gain X life and put X loyalty counters on Ukarth Ren, Fleshcrafter, where X is that creature’s power.
[-2]: Draw two cards. Each player discards two cards.
[-7]: Each opponent sacrifices two permanents. Create an X/X blue Mutant creature token, where X is the total mana value of permanents sacrificed this way.	planeswalker	KSH	3	REPLACEMEBehold Magnificence	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	212	BG	2BG	Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the number of basic lands you control.
Bloodborn 4—1BG (1BG: Exile this from your graveyard with four gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHomunculus	B	common	Token Creature — Homunculus 	6	B			2/2		token	KSH		REPLACEMEFleshtheft	UB	rare	Instant	218	UB	1UB	Choose one —
• Exile target creature or planeswalker.
• Counter target creature spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner’s graveyard.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFinal Gasp	W	rare	Sorcery	17	W	3WW	Exile any number of target creatures you control, then return them to the battlefield under their owners’ control. Then destroy all creatures.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAnoa the Ascended	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon God 	211	WU	1WU	Unless you’ve reached godhood, Anoa the Ascended is an enchantment and isn’t a creature.
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then if this ability has resolved more than once this turn, draw a card.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEEffigy		common	Token Creature — Construct 	2	C		This token can be used to represent a token that’s a copy of a permanent.	1/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMETranscendant Seraph	W	rare	Creature — Ogre Demon 	41	W	1WW	Flying
Whenever Transcendant Seraph enters the battlefield or attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with power 1 or less.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMELieve, the Bloodreader	BR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Lieve 	227	BR	2BR			[+1]: Create two Blood tokens.
[-2]: Until end of turn, each card you own that isn’t on the battlefield has madness. The madness cost is equal to its mana cost. (If you discard a card with madness, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.) 
[-4]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you draw a card, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.”	planeswalker	KSH	3	REPLACEMEAscended Acolyte	B	rare	Creature — Human Mystic 	86	B	3BB	Flying
When Ascended Acolyte enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Eye creature tokens.
3B, Sacrifice an Eye: Create two 1/1 white Eye creature tokens.
Sacrifice an Eye: Ascended Acolyte gains indestructible until end of turn. 	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPrimal Glutton	G	rare	Creature — Ogre Demon 	192	G	1GG	Whenever Primal Glutton enters the battlefield or attacks, you may search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBlood		common	Token Artifact — Blood 	13	C		1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	KSH		REPLACEMEImmolation	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	146	R	R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/-2.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEMabrea, Wisdom Miser	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon God 	64	U	3UU	Unless you’ve reached godhood, Mabrea, Wisdom Miser is an enchantment and isn’t a creature.
If you would draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, instead look at the top three cards of your library, put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/7		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGinilla, Storied Anchorite	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon God 	222	UG	GU	Unless you’ve reached godhood, Ginilla, Storied Anchorite is an enchantment and isn’t a creature.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 green and blue Reflection creature token with ascend to godhood. (It has “If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.”)	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEReflection	UG	common	Token Creature — Reflection 	11	UG		Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)	1/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMEForge of Misery		uncommon	Land	256	C		T: Add C.
4, T: Intone. Activate only as a sorcery. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETemple of the First Ones		uncommon	Artifact Land — Blood 	261	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice Temple of the First Ones: Draw a card.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEChimeric Staff		uncommon	Artifact	244	C	4	X: Chimeric Staff becomes an X/X Construct artifact creature until end of turn.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEDour Tabernacle		uncommon	Artifact	246	C	2	At the beginning of each end step, if an opponent discarded a card this turn, Dour Tabernacle deals 2 damage to that player.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECathedral of Hubris		uncommon	Land — Lair 	253	C		T: Add C.
3, T: Target player mills X cards, where X is the number of Lairs you control.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETime Lacuna	U	rare	Instant	78	U	2UU	End the current phase. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack, including this card. Begin the next phase. If it was the ending phase, end the turn.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDemigod	G	common	Token Creature — Demigod 	8	G		Trample	3/3		token	KSH		REPLACEMESlavering Forerunner	B	rare	Creature — Demon 	119	B	3B	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Flying
At the beginning of your end step, you lose 2 life unless you’ve reached godhood.	5/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGore-Torrent Hellkite	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	143	R	2RR	Flying
Whenever a noncreature source you control deals excess damage, create a number of Blood tokens equal to the excess damage. (They’re artifacts with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
R, Sacrifice a Blood: Gore-Torrent Hellkite gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGraveborn	R	common	Token Creature — Graveborn 	7	R		Trample, haste	3/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMEFury of Sotak	WR	rare	Sorcery	220	WR	XRW	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Choose one. If you’ve reached godhood, you may choose both.
• Fury of Sotak deals X damage to any target and you gain X life.
• Return target permanent card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPromise of Forever	UR	rare	Enchantment	231	UR	UR	When Promise of Forever enters the battlefield, create a Blood token for each opponent you have. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
Whenever you discard a card, you may exile that card from your graveyard. If you do, you may play that card this turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESwallow the Sun	BR	rare	Sorcery	236	BR	1BR	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls. If you’ve reached godhood, exile that permanent instead.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBurdened with Power	RG	rare	Sorcery	214	RG	3RG	Exile the top five cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them onto the battlefield tapped. Until the end of your next turn, you may play the exiled cards.
Bloodborn 6—RG (RG: Exile this from your graveyard with six gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEYoast, Ever-Watchful	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Eye 	240	WG	1GW	Creatures you control with base power and toughness 1/1 get +2/+2.
2GW, T: Create a 1/1 white Eye creature token.	1/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEProfane Oracle	BG	rare	Creature — Demon 	230	BG	2BG	Flying
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMENahim, the Slow Knife	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Mystic 	228	WU	1WU	Other Mystic creatures you control get +1/+1 and have flying.
Whenever another Mystic you control dies, you may return it to your hand. If you do, discard a card.	2/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShed Mortality	R	rare	Sorcery	159	R	XR	You may cast this spell as though it had flash if you sacrifice a Blood as an additional cost to cast it.
Shed Mortality deals X damage to any target. Damage dealt this way can’t be prevented.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMERavenous Snapper	G	rare	Creature — Hydra 	194	G	XG	Ravenous Snapper enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever you cast a spell with X in its mana cost, choose one —
• Increase the value of X by 2.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on Ravenous Snapper.	0/0		normal	KSH		REPLACEMECarve Out	W	rare	Sorcery	10	W	W	Exile target creature. Its controller creates a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 1/1 Construct.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESophist Eikon	U	rare	Artifact	74	U	3UU	T: Draw a card.
Effigy 2UU (When you discard this card, you may pay 2UU. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMortal Combat	B	rare	Enchantment	108	B	2BB	At the beginning of your upkeep, if twenty or more creature cards are in your graveyard, you win the game.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMEArcane Idol	R	rare	Artifact	128	R	1R	R, T: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.
Effigy 1R (When you discard this card, you may pay 1R. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPick the Bones Clean	G	rare	Sorcery	190	G	4G	Destroy target noncreature permanent. When you do, you may return a card with greater mana value from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Pick the Bones Clean.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESolemn Mandator	W	rare	Creature — Ogre Mystic 	38	W	1W	Whenever a player casts a spell during your turn, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
At the beginning of your end step, if Solemn Mandator’s power is 4 or greater, noncreature spells cost 1 more to cast until the end of your next turn.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMETurbulent Dreams	U	rare	Sorcery	79	U	UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard X cards.
Return X target nonland permanents to their owners’ hands.			normal	KSH		!tag reprintREPLACEMELiar's Dominion	B	rare	Enchantment	104	B	4B	At the beginning of your upkeep, each player sacrifices a creature.
Effigy 1B (When you discard this card, you may pay 1B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFierce Hatemonger	R	rare	Creature — Ogre Rogue 	139	R	1RR	When Fierce Hatemonger enters the battlefield, you may have it deal 3 damage to each creature. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEParagon of Vice	W	rare	Creature — Human Mystic 	30	W	1W	Tap three untapped Mystics you control: Create a 4/4 white Demigod creature token with flying. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEUnquiet Seas	U	rare	Sorcery	80	U	3UU	Each opponent mills cards until that player has milled a creature card, a land card, and a noncreature, nonland card.
Bloodborn 5—UU (UU: Exile this from your graveyard with five gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThrone of the Wretched	B	rare	Artifact	123	B	1BB	1B, T, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.
Effigy 2B (When you discard this card, you may pay 2B. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 Construct creature.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPsalm Chanter	R	rare	Creature — Ogre Mystic 	155	R	2R	If you would intone, intone twice instead. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
1, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Intone. Activate as a sorcery and only once each turn.	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMETyrant of Filth	G	rare	Creature — Demon 	204	G	2G	Whenever Tyrant of Filth enters the battlefield or attacks, mill two cards, then put a +1/+1 counter on Tyrant of Filth for each card type among cards milled this way.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAll-Knowing Gaze	W	rare	Sorcery	2	W	XW	Create X 1/1 white Eye creature tokens. If this spell is a copy, X is the number of Eyes you control.
Bloodborn 3—WW (WW: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEVoiceless Chorister	U	rare	Creature — Horror Mystic 	82	U	2U	When Voiceless Chorister enters the battlefield, intone twice. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, scry X, where X is Voiceless Chorister’s power.	0/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGuilt	B	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	101	B	4B	Whenever a creature deals damage to you, that creature that deals that much damage to itself.
Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Guilt.	3/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDownward Spiral	R	rare	Sorcery	138	R	3R	Exile target creature card from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of it except it has haste and “This creature attacks each combat if able.” Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.
Bloodborn 3—1R (1R: Exile this from your graveyard with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEYawning Chasm	G	rare	Enchantment	210	G	1G	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, put a ritual counter on Yawning Chasm.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 and have trample as long as there are three or more ritual counters on Yawning Chasm.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEAspirant's Crown		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	242	C	2	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a 1/1 white Eye creature token that’s tapped and attacking. Then if you’ve reached godhood, untap all attacking creatures you control.
Equip 1			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESolemn Baetylus		rare	Artifact	249	C	3	When Solemn Baetylus enters the battlefield, choose a card type.
Spells of the chosen type cost 1 more to cast for each null counter on Solemn Baetylus.
T: Put a null counter on Solemn Baetylus. This ability costs 1 more to activate for each null counter on Solemn Baetylus.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGodhorn Relic		rare	Artifact	247	C	4	Mana abilities you activate cost an additional 1 life to activate.
Whenever you tap a permanent for mana, add an additional C.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMECrimson Grimoire		rare	Artifact	245	C	2	Whenever you draw a card, put a page counter on Crimson Grimoire.
T, Remove X page counters from Crimson Grimoire: Exile target card with mana value X or less from your graveyard and copy it. You may cast the copy. (You still pay its costs.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETemple of Ascent		rare	Land	260	C		Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
T: Add C.
3, T: Target nonlegendary creature you control becomes a legendary God in addition to its other types. Put two +1/+1 counters on it. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you’ve reached godhood.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESin	G	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	196	G	2GGG	Trample
If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, you may instead put that many +1/+1 counters on Sin.
Whenever Sin attacks, create two 1/1 green Incarnation creature tokens.	5/5		normal	KSH		REPRINT (from AKI)REPLACEMEIncarnation	G	common	Token Creature — Incarnation 	9	G			1/1		token	KSH		REPLACEMEOver the Face of the Waters	W	rare	Enchantment	28	W	3W	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your end step, choose target permanent card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn and return it to your hand. If you’ve reached godhood, put it onto the battlefield instead.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPhilosophy	U	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	69	U	2U	Philosophy enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard.
Remove three +1/+1 counters from Philosophy: Copy target spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.	0/0		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMerciless Butcher	B	rare	Creature — Ogre Assassin 	106	B	3B	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
As long as you’ve reached godhood, creatures you control have deathtouch and lifelink.	3/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEIn the Face of True Power	R	rare	Enchantment	147	R	2R	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Creatures you control have haste. If you’ve reached godhood, they also get get +1/+1. 			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEFaith	W	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	15	W	1WWW	Flying, vigilance
Faith’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of nonland permanents you control.	*/*		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMuse of Disruption	U	rare	Creature — Demon Mystic 	67	U	3U	At the beginning of your upkeep, intone. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
Whenever you discard a card, up to one target creature an opponent controls gets -3/-0 until end of turn. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, Muse of Disruption gains flying until end of turn.	3/3		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEOcular Vortex	B	rare	Creature — Eye 	112	B	1B	Whenever another creature dies, intone. This ability triggers only once each turn. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
When Ocular Vortex dies, create X tapped 1/1 white Eye creature tokens, where X is Ocular Vortex’s power.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEZeal	R	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	168	R	1RR	Haste
Zeal gets +1/+1 for each card you’ve drawn this turn and for each spell you’ve cast this turn.	1/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEEndweaver	G	rare	Creature — Shade 	172	G	1G	Vigilance
Whenever Endweaver attacks, exile target card from a graveyard. Then you may have Endweaver’s base power and toughness become X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards exiled with it.	3/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEBirthed in Blood	URG	mythic	Enchantment	213	URG	3GUR	Whenever a nontoken, nonland permanent enters the battlefield under your control, create a token that’s a copy of that permanent.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMENexus of Flesh	R	mythic	Sorcery	150	R	2RR	When you next cast a spell this turn, copy that spell twice. You may choose new targets for the copies. If you copy a permanent spell this way, exile those copies at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEPinnacle of Repression	U	mythic	Creature — Avatar 	71	U	2U	Pinnacle of Repression can’t block or be blocked.
If Pinnacle of Repression would deal combat damage to a player, instead exile that many cards from the top of that player’s library.	5/5		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEUnspeakable Ritual	WUR	mythic	Enchantment	239	WUR	URW	When Unspeakable Ritual enters the battlefield, intone twice. (To intone, either put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control or create a Blood token.)
Bloods you control are 3/2 creatures in addition to their other types.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMETorrent of Wurms	G	mythic	Sorcery	202	G	6GGG	Create three 6/6 green Wurm creature tokens.
Bloodborn 12—GG (GG: Exile this from your graveyard with twelve gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHarbinger of the End	R	mythic	Creature — Human Shaman 	145	R	2R	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Haste
Whenever Harbinger of the End deals combat damage to a player, if you’ve reached godhood, you may sacrifice it. When you do, untap all other creatures you control and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase. 	3/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGorepainted Ritualist	B	mythic	Creature — Ogre Mystic 	99	B	2B	Whenever a player discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Gorepainted Ritualist. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	2/1		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEThe Ties that Bind	B	mythic	Enchantment	124	B	1BB	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield from your graveyard, you may return another target creature card with lesser power from your graveyard to the battlefield. Do this only once each turn.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEEnter Eternity	U	mythic	Sorcery	51	U	4UU	Take an extra turn after this one.
If Enter Eternity would leave your graveyard, exile it instead.
Bloodborn 12—U (U: Exile this from your graveyard with twelve gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESanctifier of the Dead	RG	mythic	Creature — Ogre Shaman 	232	RG	2RG	Instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard have bloodborn 3. The bloodborn cost is equal to their mana cost reduced by 3. (Pay that card’s bloodborn cost to exile it with three gore counters. It gains “X: Remove X gore counters from this. Activate as a sorcery.” Cast a copy of it for free when you remove the last.)	3/4		normal	KSH		REPLACEMESheer Brutality	WBR	mythic	Sorcery	233	WBR	1RWB	Choose two —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target creature.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Destroy target planeswalker.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEShaped by Divinity	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	37	W	3WW	As Shaped by Divinity enters the battlefield, choose glory or despair.
• Glory — Non-God creatures have base power and toughness 3/3.
• Despair — Non-God creatures have base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHallowed Earth	WG	mythic	Enchantment	226	WG	GW	Ascend to godhood (If you control seven or more nonland permanents, you reach godhood for the rest of the game.)
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if you’ve reached godhood, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEHerald of Forbiddance	W	mythic	Creature — Archon 	20	W	2W	Flying
Each opponent can cast instant spells or spells with flash only any time they could cast a sorcery.
Herald of Forbiddance has hexproof as long as it’s tapped.	2/2		normal	KSH		REPLACEMEMoment of Ascendance	G	mythic	Enchantment	188	G	3GG	When Moment of Ascendance enters the battlefield, it becomes an Aura with enchant permanent. Search your library for an enchantment or land card, put it onto the battlefield, shuffle, and attach Moment of Ascendance to it.
Enchanted permanent is a 4/4 green God creature.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEGateway to the Impossible	UBG	mythic	Sorcery	221	UBG	BGU	Choose a nonland card type. When you do, target opponent chooses a player. Reveal cards from the top of the chosen player’s library until you reveal a card of the chosen type. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then the chosen player shuffles.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMESonata of Creation	G	rare	Sorcery	199	G	XG	Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If X is five or more, you may instead search your library for any number of creature cards with total mana value X or less, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	KSH		REPLACEMEDemigod	W	common	Token Creature — Demigod 	3	W		Flying	4/4		token	KSH		REPLACEMEMutant	U	common	Token Creature — Mutant 	5	U			*/*		token	KSH		REPLACEMEWurm	G	common	Token Creature — Wurm 	10	G			6/6		token	KSH		REPLACEME