Timeless Heartwood		rare	Legendary Artifact	246	C	5	When Timeless Heartwood enters the battlefield, search your library for a card named Heart of the Sea or a card named Soul of Fire, reveal it, shuffle, then put it on top of your library.
Tap artifacts you control named Eternity’s Horizon, Heart of the Sea, Bones of the Earth, Soul of Fire, and Timeless Heartwood: Target player loses the game.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEScholar of Harbaz	G	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	188	G	2G	When Scholar of Harbaz enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMERitual of Honey	U	uncommon	Sorcery	69	U	1U	Arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)
Draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEJudgment		common		8	C		
At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter you have, choose one —
• Penance — You lose 1 life.
• Tithe — Target opponent creates a tapped Treasure token.			token	AKI		REPLACEMEEmperor's Hand	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	211	WU	WU	Whenever Emperor’s Hand deals combat damage to an opponent, that player gets that many judgment counters. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	1/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDakazhi Judge	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	208	UB	UB	When Dakazhi Judge enters the battlefield, each player gets a judgment counter.
1UB, T: Arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPrince's Tutor	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	222	RG	RG	When Prince’s Tutor enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)
Whenever another creature you control studies, put a +1/+1 counter on Prince’s Tutor.	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECapital Decree	WB	uncommon	Instant	206	WB	1WB	Destroy target creature. Its controller gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPatronage of the Arts	UR	uncommon	Enchantment	220	UR	UR	Sculptures you control get +1/+1.
Engrave 3—3UR (If you cast this spell for 3UR, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAncient Etchings	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	202	BG	1BG	Engrave 3—3BG (If you cast this spell for 3BG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it. Those creatures gain haste and menace until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEArchitect of Wonders	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	204	UG	1GU	Spells you cast for their engrave cost and artifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	2/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESculpture		common	Token Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	5	C			0/0		token	AKI		REPLACEMEAKI Draft Archetypes		common		7	WUBRG		WU JUDGMENT TAPOUT Cast judgment upon your foes with strong control effects.
UB ARBITRATE Move judgment and +1/+1 counters, and justice is yours to decide.
BR SPELLSLINGER Cast noncreature spells to boost your board presence.
RG STUDY Your creatures can research new spells or grow stronger.
GW SACRIFICE Your loss is no one’s gain. Sacrifice creatures and Treasures for profit. 
WB JUDGMENT CONTROL Wait patiently to pass judgment upon the enemy.
BG +1/+1 COUNTERS  Grow your creatures through study and engraving.
GU ARTIFACTS Build monuments and engrave your legacy with artifact spells.
UR SCULPTURES The living statuary of Akaddi is yours to command.
RW HARMONY Attack with both artifact and nonartifact creatures for bonuses.			token	AKI		REPLACEMEEmpire's End	WB	mythic	Sorcery	212	WB	3WB	Each player exiles all nonland permanent cards from their graveyard, then sacrifices all nonland permanents they control, then puts all cards they exiled this way onto the battlefield.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAssemble the Relics	U	uncommon	Sorcery	45	U	1UU	Choose one —
• Search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
• Reveal an artifact card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGnawing Impatience	R	common	Sorcery	131	R	1R	Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESurvey the Kingdom	G	common	Sorcery	192	G	1G	You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.
Arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHidden Magics	G	common	Instant	174	G	G	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains vigilance until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVisions of Destruction	U	rare	Instant	78	U	1UU	Exile target spell.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmpty Throne		common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	238	C	2	Defender	0/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMELand of the Dead	B	common	Instant	101	B	2B	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHubris of Qirauz	W	rare	Sorcery	20	W	3W	For each judgment counter each player has, that player sacrifices a creature.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERitual of Time	UB	mythic	Sorcery	226	UB	1UUB	Take an extra turn after this one. You get five judgment counters. Exile Ritual of Time.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHungry Shadow	B	common	Creature — Nightmare Cat 	95	B	B	1, Remove a counter from a creature you control: Hungry Shadow gets +2/+1 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQamurab's Executioner	B	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	108	B	1B	Menace
When Qamurab’s Executioner enters the battlefield, target opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEInitiate of Gurnal	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	98	B	1B	Initiate of Gurnal has deathtouch as long as an opponent has a judgment counter.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMERebellious Dreamer	B	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	111	B	2B	At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on Rebellious Dreamer if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.	3/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPurveyor of Lies	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	107	B	2B	When Purveyor of Lies enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMETormented Occultist	B	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	118	B	2B	Flash
When Tormented Occultist enters the battlefield, if you cast it during your main phase, target opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPestilent Swarm	B	common	Creature — Rat 	104	B	3B	2B, Exile Pestilent Swarm from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPriestess of Ghazuz	B	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	106	B	3B	Menace
When Priestess of Ghazuz enters the battlefield, arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGhazuz's Inititate	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	92	B	4B	Menace
When Ghazuz’s Inititate enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShadow of Remorse	B	common	Creature — Shade 	113	B	5B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.
2B: Shadow of Remorse gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn.	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMERuthless Cobra	G	common	Creature — Snake 	186	G	G	Sacrifice Ruthless Cobra: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAttentive Learner	G	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	162	G	1G	When Attentive Learner enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIsolated Idol	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	177	G	1G	Isolated Idol’s power and toughness are each equal to the highest mana value among artifacts you control.	*/*		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDevious Depiction	G	common	Instant	165	G	2G	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to creatures this turn.
Engrave 2—3G (If you cast this spell for 3G, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMight of Gurnal	G	common	Sorcery	180	G	G	Engrave 3—3G (If you cast this spell for 3G, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMECrafter of Wonders	G	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	164	G	3G	When Crafter of Wonders enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESomber Philosopher	G	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	190	G	3G	Trample
When Somber Philosopher enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWandering Iyazta	G	common	Creature — Nightmare 	199	G	4G	Wandering Iyazta enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.	5/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIcon of Sin	G	common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	175	G	5G	3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESandstorm Caller	G	common	Creature — Wurm 	187	G	5G	Vigilance, reach	5/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWandering Wiseman	R	common	Creature — Human Nomad 	160	R	R	When Wandering Wiseman enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target Sculpture you control.	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGurnal's Rage	R	common	Sorcery	134	R	R	Engrave 2—2R (If you cast this spell for 2R, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Up to one creature you control gets +1/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQamurab's Legion	R	common	Instant	145	R	1R	Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESomber Stargazer	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	155	R	1R	When Somber Stargazer enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, Somber Stargazer studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple Architect	R	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	156	R	2R	Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, Temple Architect gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECoiling Fresco	R	common	Sorcery	124	R	1R	Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.
Engrave 2—3R (If you cast this spell for 3R, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDevotee of Ghazuz	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	125	R	3R	Haste
When Devotee of Ghazuz enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPensive Harpist	R	common	Creature — Human Bard 	144	R	3R	When Pensive Harpist enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token. It gets +2/+1 and gains haste until end of turn.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHippodrome Champion	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	135	R	4R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Hippodrome Champion gains haste and menace until end of turn.	5/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVotary of the Worm	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	159	R	4R	When Votary of the Worm enters the battlefield, you may exile a noncreature card from your graveyard. If you do, Votary of the Worm deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAccomplished Smith	U	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	41	U	U	T: The next artifact spell you cast this turn, or the next spell you cast for its engrave cost you cast this turn costs 1 less to cast.	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDour Thiefcatcher	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	53	U	1U	When Dour Thiefcatcher enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	1/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESquawking Psychopomp	U	common	Creature — Bird 	71	U	1U	Flying
Squawking Psychopomp enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if mana from an artifact was spent to cast it.	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWisdom of the Gods	U	common	Instant	80	U	U	Draw a card.
Engrave 2—1UU (If you cast this spell for 1UU, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETerritorial Rukh	U	common	Creature — Bird 	74	U	2U	Flying
Whenever Territorial Rukh blocks a creature, you may remove a counter from that creature.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMarble Marvel	U	common	Artifact Creature — Bird Sculpture 	61	U	3U	Flying	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECapricious Ibis	U	common	Creature — Bird 	48	U	3U	Flying
When Capricious Ibis enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMETyrant of the Waterways	U	common	Creature — Crocodile 	75	U	4U	When Tyrant of the Waterways enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Put a +1/+1 counter on Tyrant of the Waterways.
• Scry 2.	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMonument to Wisdom	U	common	Sorcery	63	U	3U	Scry 2, then draw two cards.
Engrave 3—5U (If you cast this spell for 5U, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDevoted Supplicant	W	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	10	W	W	When Devoted Supplicant dies, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPalace Menagerie	W	common	Creature — Bird 	27	W	W	Flying
Sacrifice Palace Menagerie: Target creature gains lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEStern Justicar	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	36	W	1W	When Stern Justicar enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPalace Caracal	W	common	Creature — Cat 	26	W	1W	Palace Caracal has first strike and lifelink as long as it’s attacking.	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHarrier Rukh	W	common	Creature — Bird 	18	W	1W	Flying
When Harrier Rukh enters the battlefield, you may put a stun counter on target creature. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	1/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQamurab's Enforcer	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	32	W	2W	Qamurab’s Enforcer gets +1/+1 and has lifelink as long as an opponent has a judgment counter.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVoracious Pest	W	common	Creature — Insect 	38	W	3W	This spell costs 1 less to cast as long as you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.
Flying	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBorder Clash	W	common	Instant	4	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens. If an opponent has two or more judgment counters, instead create three of those tokens.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDakazhi Keeneye	W	common	Creature — Human Archer 	8	W	2W	Vigilance
Dakazhi Keeneye has first strike as long as it’s attacking.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDoom of the Unwary	W	common	Creature — Cat 	12	W	3W	You may cast this spell as though it had flash as long as an opponent has a judgment counter.
When Doom of the Unwary enters the battlefield, target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDakazhi Outrider	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	9	W	3WW	Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, Dakazhi Outrider gains first strike until end of turn.	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECaravan Camel	W	common	Creature — Camel 	6	W	5W	Vigilance
At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to one other creature you control gains vigilance until end of turn.	3/6		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBloodied Hands	W	common	Instant	2	W	1W	Choose target attacking or blocking creature or target planeswalker. Its controller gets a judgment counter, then Bloodied Hands deals damage to that permanent equal to twice the number of judgment counters its controller has. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMECaught Stealing	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	7	W	2W	Enchant creature
When Caught Stealing enters the battlefield, enchanted creature’s controller gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEExpel	W	common	Instant	14	W	2W	Exile target tapped creature.			normal	AKI		!tag reprintREPLACEMEWisdom of Sahriuz	W	common	Instant	39	W	1W	Until end of turn, target creature gains first strike, lifelink, indestructible, and “whenever this creature deals combat damage to an opponent, that player gets a judgment counter”. Untap it. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERegal Bearing	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	33	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
Sacrifice Regal Bearing: Enchanted creature gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMotif of Abundance	W	common	Enchantment	24	W	W	1, Sacrifice Motif of Abundance: You gain 4 life.
When Motif of Abundance is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay W. If you do, draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEScapegoat's Departure	W	common	Instant	34	W	3W	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or attacking creature.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShaba's Visage	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	35	W	W		2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBrazen Hireling	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Mercenary 	5	W	WW	Brazen Hireling has first strike as long as you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEParagon of Justice	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	28	W	WW	When Paragon of Justice dies, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token and put X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is Paragon of Justice’s power.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMidnight Patrol	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	23	W	2W	Flash
When Midnight Patrol enters the battlefield, return up to one other permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	2/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGilded Cataphract	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	17	W	3W	Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, put a  +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature you control.	3/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAngelic Justicar	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel 	1	W	3WW	Flying
When Angelic Justicar enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)
Angelic Justicar gets +1/+1 as long as you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn.	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEOutcast Pariah	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Nomad 	25	W	2W	Vigilance
Outcast Pariah has ward X, where X is the greatest number of judgment counters an opponent has. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays X.)	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHonored Epitaph	W	uncommon	Instant	19	W	1W	You gain 2 life.
Draw a card.
Engrave 2—3W (If you cast this spell for 3W, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEInter	W	uncommon	Instant	22	W	W	Destroy target nonland permanent if its mana value is 1 or less. If you’ve sacrificed a permanent this turn, instead destroy that permanent if its mana value is 3 or less.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple Vigil	W	uncommon	Enchantment	37	W	1WW	When Temple Vigil enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Temple Vigil leaves the battlefield. That permanent’s controller gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWretched Supplication	W	uncommon	Instant	40	W	1WW	Target player gets a judgment counter, then you create a number of 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens equal to the number of judgment counters that player has. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBronze Bastion		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	236	C	0	Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control, put a charge counter on Bronze Bastion.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each charge counter on Bronze Bastion.
Equip 3			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEInfallible Dictate	W	uncommon	Enchantment	21	W	2W	Flash
When Infallible Dictate enters the battlefield, counter target spell unless its controller pays 1.
Noncreature spells cost 1 more to cast.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWayside Idol	U	common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	79	U	2U	Defender
Wayside Idol can attack as though it didn’t have defender as long as defending player has a judgment counter.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmpty Promises	U	common	Instant	57	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
Arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Banishing	U	common	Instant	54	U	2U	Target spell’s controller gets a judgment counter. Then counter that spell unless its controller pays 2 for each judgment counter they have.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPenitent Supplication	U	common	Enchantment	66	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Penitent Supplication enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step as long as its controller has a judgment counter.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBlissful Ignorance	U	common	Instant	46	U	2U	Draw two cards, then discard a card unless you get a judgment counter. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEStudy the Cuneiform	U	common	Instant	72	U	1U	Choose one —
• Scry 3.
• Scry 1, then draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDepart from the City	U	common	Sorcery	51	U	1U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. If that player has two or more judgment counters, instead put that permanent on top of its owner’s library.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEFragmentary Stele	U	common	Instant	58	U	U	Engrave 2—3U (If you cast this spell for 3U, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Up to one creature you control gets +0/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMotif of Indecision	U	common	Enchantment	64	U	U	1, Sacrifice Motif of Indecision: Tap target creature. Put a stun counter on it.
When Motif of Indecision is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay U. If you do, draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEApprehend by Force	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	43	U	1U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and gets -X/-0, where X is the number of judgment counters its controller has.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDesperate Escape	U	uncommon	Instant	52	U	U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand. If you controlled that creature, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMerciless Judge	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	62	U	UU	The first noncreature spell each opponent casts each turn costs 1 more to cast for each judgment counter that player has.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEContemplative Falconer	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	49	U	2U	Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying.
Engrave 2—3UU (If you cast this spell for 3UU, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESwift Zulufaa	U	uncommon	Creature — Turtle Cat 	73	U	2UU	Flash
When Swift Zulufaa enters the battlefield, move any number of counters from target creature onto another target creature.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGhallil Leviathan	U	uncommon	Creature — Leviathan 	59	U	3UU	Flash
This spell costs 1 less to cast if the player whose turn it is has a judgment counter.	5/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHand of Qamurab	U	uncommon	Enchantment	60	U	2U	As long as any opponent has two or more judgment counters, Hand of Qamurab is a 5/5 Chimera creature.
2U: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESandstone Overseer		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	244	C	3	Other Sculpture creatures you control get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBrutal Inspiration	U	uncommon	Instant	47	U	3UU	Counter target spell. Distribute X +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control, where X is that spell’s mana value.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETyrant's Remorse	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	When Tyrant’s Remorse enters the battlefield, target player gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)
At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player mills four cards for each judgment counter they have.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPreserve in Stone	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	68	U	1U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a colorless Sculpture artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/0. Put a +1/+1 counter on it. 			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEArbiter's Mask	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	44	U	U	Equipped gets +1/+1 and has “whenever this creature deals combat damage to an opponent, that player gets a judgment counter.” (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)
Equip 2			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGuilty Blood	B	common	Instant	93	B	2BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast if it targets a permanent whose controller has a judgment counter.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEChase Down	B	common	Sorcery	84	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may remove a counter from a permanent you control.
Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. If the additional cost was paid, that creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn instead.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEStark Warning	B	uncommon	Sorcery	115	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.
Engrave 2—4B (If you cast this spell for 4B, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEKilling Blow	B	common	Instant	100	B	4B	Exile target creature, planeswalker, or enchantment an opponent controls.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESummary Sentence	B	common	Sorcery	116	B	2B	Draw two cards. You get a judgment counter. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWeight of Guilt	B	common	Sorcery	119	B	2B	Target player discards two cards. That player gets a judgment counter for each card type among cards discarded this way. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMotif of Reluctance	B	common	Enchantment	102	B	B	1, Sacrifice Motif of Reluctance: Target creature gets +2/-1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.
When Motif of Reluctance is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay B. If you do, draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple of the Worm	B	common	Sorcery	117	B	B	Engrave 1—1B (If you cast this spell for 1B, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute a +1/+1 counter among Sculptures you control.)
Each player sacrifices a creature.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEScholar of the Worm	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	112	B	B	1, T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Scholar of the Worm studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWorm's Evangel	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	120	B	1BB	When Worm’s Evangel enters the battlefield, target creature you don’t control gets -X/-X end of turn, where X is the number of judgment counters its controller has.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDelver of the Forbidden	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	89	B	BB	You may cast Delver of the Forbidden from your graveyard. If you do, when it enters the battlefield, you get a judgment counter. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMERavenous Zulufaa	B	uncommon	Creature — Turtle Cat 	110	B	2BB	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, up to one target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAnointed Gravewurm	B	uncommon	Creature — Wurm Horror 	82	B	3BB	Anointed Gravewurm enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards.
You may cast Anointed Gravewurm from your graveyard by discarding two cards in addition to paying its other costs.	2/0		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHarsh Seraph	B	rare	Creature — Angel 	94	B	3BB	Flying
When Harsh Seraph enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)
Whenever an opponent loses life or whenever you sacrifice an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter on Harsh Seraph. This ability triggers only once each turn.	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmperor's Envoy	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Assassin 	91	B	4B	When Emperor’s Envoy enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter. Then each opponent with three or more judgment counters sacrifices a creature.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECondemn to Damnation	B	uncommon	Instant	86	B	3B	Exile target creature. Its controller gets a judgment counter. If that creature’s power was greater than its mana value, instead its controller gets two judgment counters. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPosthumous Sentence	B	uncommon	Sorcery	105	B	3B	Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 3/3 black Zombie.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAbsolute Decree	B	common	Sorcery	81	B	2B	Choose one —
• Remove up to two counters from target permanent. You gain 2 life.
• Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. You gain 2 life.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMECode of Law	B	uncommon	Sorcery	85	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, copy it.
Choose a nonland card name. Target player reveals their hand and discards all cards with that name.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIllicit Trade	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	2BB	This spell costs 2 less to cast as long as any opponent has three or more judgment counters.
Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETower Schematics		uncommon	Artifact	247	C	2	When Tower Schematics enters the battlefield, arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)
T, Remove a counter from a permanent you control: Exile up to two target cards from a single graveyard.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBread and Circuses	R	common	Instant	123	R	3R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if an opponent has gained life this turn.
Bread and Circuses deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERecant the Truth	R	common	Sorcery	146	R	R	Recant the Truth deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker. That permanent’s controller gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEThreaten the Moneylenders	R	common	Sorcery	157	R	1R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. You get a judgment counter. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEndless Construction	R	common	Sorcery	127	R	1R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.
Engrave 3—4R (If you cast this spell for 4R, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShrine's Devotion	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	154	R	1R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
Engrave 2—3R (If you cast this spell for 3R, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGather in Awe	R	common	Instant	130	R	1R	Target creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. If it’s a Sculpture, it gets an additional +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMotif of Confusion	R	common	Enchantment	140	R	R	1, Sacrifice Motif of Confusion: Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.
When Motif of Confusion is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay R. If you do, draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMENo Prayer for the Dying	R	common	Sorcery	142	R	1R	No Prayer for the Dying deals 1 damage to each opponent and each creature and planeswalker they control. If a permanent dealt damage this way would be put into a graveyard this turn, exile it instead.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMural of Tranquility	R	uncommon	Sorcery	141	R	R	Engrave 1—2R (If you cast this spell for 2R, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute a +1/+1 counter among Sculptures you control.)
Mural of Tranquility deals damage to any target equal to the number of artifact creatures you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGurnal's Faithful	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	133	R	1R	Engrave 2—3R (If you cast this spell for 3R, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESeer of Ghazuz	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	151	R	R	T, Discard a card: Seer of Ghazuz studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPassionate Architect	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	143	R	2RR	Whenever you put one or more counters on a creature you control, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the end of your next turn.	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVenomous Manticore	R	uncommon	Creature — Manticore 	158	R	4R	Whenever a creature you control studies, Venomous Manticore deals 3 damage to target opponent.	5/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEArtisan of Aggression	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	121	R	1R	Sculptures you control have haste and menace.
Engrave 3—4RR (If you cast this spell for 4RR, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMidnight Ambusher	R	uncommon	Creature — Scorpion 	138	R	3R	Flash
Midnight Ambusher costs 1 less to cast for each noncreature spell cast this turn.	4/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEThe Rise of Qamurab	R	uncommon	Sorcery	148	R	2R	The Rise of Qamurab deals 2 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.
Engrave 3—3RR (If you cast this spell for 3RR, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMELiar's Crown	R	uncommon	Sorcery	137	R	1R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if it targets a player with a judgment counter or a permanent controlled by a player with a judgment counter.
Liar’s Crown deals 3 damage to any target.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGame of War	R	uncommon	Sorcery	129	R	1R	Engrave 2—1RR (If you cast this spell for 1RR, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Sacrifice a creature. Game of War deals damage equal to the sacrificed creature’s power to any target.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVessel of Indulgence		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	248	C	3	Equipped creature has lifelink and “T: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.”
Equip 2			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERiddle of the Sands	R	uncommon	Instant	147	R	1R	Until end of turn, target creature’s base power and toughness become either 6/1 or 1/6.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShaba's Indulgence	R	uncommon	Sorcery	153	R	3R	Choose one —
• Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Destroy target nonbasic land.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEthics of Violence	G	common	Instant	171	G	1G	Target creature you control studies. Then it fights target creature you don’t control. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMyth of Destruction	G	common	Instant	183	G	G	Myth of Destruction deals damage to target creature with flying equal to the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEThe Wind at Your Back	G	common	Instant	200	G	2G	Untap target creature you control. Put two +1/+1 counters on it.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAmulet of Harbaz	G	common	Artifact — Equipment 	161	G	1G	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has trample.
Equip 3			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETale of Clear Skies	G	common	Instant	193	G	G	Engrave 2—3G (If you cast this spell for 3G, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Up to one creature you control gets +0/+2 and gains reach until end of turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMotif of Serenity	G	common	Enchantment	182	G	G	1, Sacrifice Motif of Serenity: Destroy target noncreature artifact or noncreature enchantment.
When Motif of Serenity is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay G. If you do, draw a card.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMECast in Bronze	G	uncommon	Sorcery	163	G	G	Engrave 3—2GG (If you cast this spell for 2GG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on a Sculpture you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEVaunted Trireme	G	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	198	G	1G	Trample
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMELibrary Elder	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	178	G	2G	When Library Elder enters the battlefield, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEOutrider of Akaddi	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	184	G	3G	Trample
Whenever Outrider of Akaddi deals combat damage to an opponent, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDevouring Ammit	G	uncommon	Creature — Crocodile Demon 	166	G	3GG	Trample
Whenever Devouring Ammit attacks, you may exile two target cards from a single graveyard. If you exile two cards that share a card type this way, put a +1/+1 counter on Devouring Ammit.	5/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEThrashing Demolisher	G	uncommon	Creature — Minotaur 	194	G	4GG	When Thrashing Demolisher enters the battlefield, destroy target noncreature artifact, noncreature enchantment, or nonbasic land.	6/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmperor's Visage	G	uncommon	Sorcery	168	G	G	Engrave X—XGG (If you cast this spell for XGG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute X +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Look at a number of card from the top of your library equal to the greatest power among creatures you control. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEUnjustly Condemned	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Rebel 	196	G	2G	Reach
Unjustly Condemned enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMETower of Hubris	G	uncommon	Artifact	195	G	1G	When Tower of Hubris enters the battlefield, search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
1, T: Put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEndless Procession	G	uncommon	Enchantment	169	G	G	At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control that had a counter put on it this turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMonument to the Emperor		uncommon	Artifact	242	C	2	Each artifact creature you control enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.
Engrave 5—8 (If you cast this spell for 8, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute five +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMonumental Advantage	G	uncommon	Instant	181	G	G	Engrave 2—1GG (If you cast this spell for 1GG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Until end of turn, target creature gains trample and gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creatures you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERitual of Incense	G	uncommon	Sorcery	185	G	2G	Return target permanent card or card with engrave from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGuardian of the Tomb	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	216	BR	BR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, each opponent loses 1 life.	3/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWanderer's Folly	WG	uncommon	Creature — Scorpion 	233	WG	1GW	Whenever you sacrifice another permanent for the first time each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Wanderer’s Folly and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECharge into History	WR	uncommon	Enchantment	207	WR	RW	Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, Charge into History deals 2 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Engrave 3—3RW (If you cast this spell for 3RW, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHunter's Chariot		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	240	C	3	Whenever Hunter’s Chariot becomes crewed for the first time each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one creature that crewed it.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHubristic Colossus		common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	239	C	6	Trample
Engrave 3—8 (If you cast this spell for 8, when it enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)	5/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMace of Command		common	Artifact — Equipment 	241	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip 3			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple Complex		common	Land	259	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Temple Complex: Search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple Mosaic		common	Artifact	245	C	3	Temple Mosaic enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it.
T: You may remove a charge counter from Temple Mosaic. If you do, add one mana of any color. Otherwise, add C.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESea Harbor		uncommon	Land	257	WU		Sea Harbor enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or U.
4, T: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETriumphal Arch		uncommon	Land	261	UB		Triumphal Arch enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or B.
4, T: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMELion's Passage		uncommon	Land	253	BR		Lion’s Passage enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or R.
4, T: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETeeming Riverbank		uncommon	Land	258	RG		Teeming Riverbank enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or G.
4, T: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPublic Temple		uncommon	Land	254	WG		Public Temple enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or W.
4, T: Scry 1.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmperor Qamurab	UBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	209	UBRG	UBRG	At the beginning of combat each turn, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn if an opponent controls a creature with first strike or has a creature card with first strike in their graveyard. The same is true for flying, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, protection, reach, trample, and vigilance.	2/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBaniphal, Law's Hammer	WUBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Angel Soldier 	205	WUBG	GWUB	Flying, lifelink
Whenever a player shuffles, you may look at the top card of that player’s library. If you do, you may exile that card.
Baniphal, Law’s Hammer gets +1/+1 for each mana value among cards exiled with it.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGhazuz, Indolent Worm	WBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon 	214	WBRG	BRGW	Whenever a player casts a spell during a turn other than their own, that player draws a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Ghazuz, Indolent Worm and it deals damage equal to its power to that player.	2/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESahriuz, Nemesis of Fate	WUBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Lammasu 	227	WUBR	WUBR	Flying
Whenever a player casts a spell, counter it. That player reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a card that shares a type with the countered spell. That player may cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then the player shuffles. This ability triggers only once per player each turn.	3/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQirauz, Impatient Prince	WURG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	224	WURG	RGWU	Each other creature has base power and toughness 2/2.
If a land is tapped for two or more mana, it produces only one of that mana instead.	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	6	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	AKI		REPLACEMEDivine Arbiter	W	rare	Creature — Angel 	11	W	3WW	Flying, vigilance
Divine Arbiter has lifelink as long as an opponent has three or more judgment counters.
Whenever Divine Arbiter enters the battlefield or attacks, target opponent gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)	4/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	2	W			1/1		token	AKI		REPLACEMEEdicts of Qamurab		rare	Legendary Artifact	237	C	2	Whenever a player draws a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, or casts a spell during a turn other than their own, that player gets a judgment counter. (At the beginning of their upkeep, for each judgment counter, they lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIsolated Bayt		rare	Land — Island Mountain 	252	C		(T: Add U or R.)
As Isolated Bayt enters the battlefield, you may get a judgment counter. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGilded Sanctum		rare	Land — Plains Swamp 	249	C		(T: Add W or B.)
As Gilded Sanctum enters the battlefield, you may get a judgment counter. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEImposing Gate		rare	Land — Mountain Plains 	250	C		(T: Add R or W.)
As Imposing Gate enters the battlefield, you may get a judgment counter. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQanat Pool		rare	Land — Forest Island 	255	C		(T: Add G or U.)
As Qanat Pool enters the battlefield, you may get a judgment counter. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIndulgent Garden		rare	Land — Swamp Forest 	251	C		(T: Add B or G.)
As Indulgent Garden enters the battlefield, you may get a judgment counter. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERuins of Irum		rare	Land	256	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Ruins of Irum: Destroy target nonbasic land if its controller controls three or more nonbasic lands as you activate this ability.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDark Apotheosis	B	rare	Sorcery	87	B	3BB	Put target nonland permanent card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEThomil, Craven Sadist	BR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Thomil 	231	BR	2BR			[+1]: Destroy up to one target artifact. If its mana value was 2 or less, put a loyalty counter on Thomil, Craven Sadist.
[-X]: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.
[-6]: Create a 7/7 black Demon creature token with flying and trample.	planeswalker	AKI	4	REPLACEMEProfane Incense	BG	mythic	Enchantment	223	BG	2BG	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain life equal to its toughness.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, that player loses life equal to its toughness.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAncient Epiphany	UR	mythic	Sorcery	201	UR	XUR	Target opponent chooses instant or sorcery. Search your library for any number of cards of the chosen type with total mana value X or less, exile them, then shuffle. You may cast those cards without paying their mana costs.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIncendiary Intercessor	WR	mythic	Creature — Human Advisor 	218	WR	1RW	Whenever a noncreature source you control deals damage to an opponent, you gain that much life.
T: Exile target instant or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to the amount of life you’ve gained this turn from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShaba's Monument	WG	mythic	Artifact	228	WG	GW	Whenever a permanent you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, note its card types.
1: Until end of turn, Shaba’s Monument becomes a Sculpture artifact creature with vigilance and “Shaba’s Monument’s power and toughness are each equal to twice the number of types noted for it.”			normal	AKI		REPLACEMELiving Archetype	UG	mythic	Creature — Lammasu 	219	UG	3GU	As Living Archetype enters the battlefield, each player mills five cards. You may exile two creature cards from among cards milled this way. If you do, Living Archetype enters the battlefield enters the battlefield as a copy of one of those cards with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to the power of the other card.	0/0		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEmperor's Courtyard	WU	mythic	Enchantment	210	WU	WU	At the beginning of your upkeep and whenever you cast a spell, arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETemple to Ghazuz	RG	mythic	Enchantment	230	RG	RG	R/G, Sacrifice a creature: Add RG and put a blood counter on Temple to Ghazuz.
As long as Temple to Ghazuz has three or more blood counters on it, it’s a land with “T: Add RG.” (It’s no longer an enchantment.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEScreaming Prophet	R	mythic	Creature — Human Cleric 	150	R	2RR	At the beginning of your precombat main phase, exile all noncreature, nonland cards from all graveyards, then choose a card at random from among cards exiled with Screaming Prophet. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost.	3/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMESin	G	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	189	G	2GGG	Trample
If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, you may instead put that many +1/+1 counters on Sin.
Whenever Sin attacks, create two 1/1 green Incarnation creature tokens.	5/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMECrucius, the Riddle of Silver	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Crucius 	50	U	3U			Crucius, the Riddle of Silver enters the battlefield with a number of loyalty counters on it equal to the number of artifacts you control.
[+1]: Create a Clue token.
[-1]: Put two +1/+1 counters on target artifact you control. It becomes a 0/0 Sculpture creature in addition to its other types.
[-X]: Search your library for a card with mana value X or less, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	planeswalker	AKI	0	REPLACEMENemesis of Order	B	mythic	Enchantment	103	B	1B	Nemesis of Order enters the battlefield with seven sin counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you draw a card, you lose 1 life, and remove a sin counter from Nemesis of Order.
As long as Nemesis of Order has a sin counter on it, you can’t win the game and your opponents can’t lose the game.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPrimacy of Order	W	mythic	Creature — Angel 	29	W	1WW	Flying
Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn, return up to one target permanent card with mana value less than or equal to that spell’s mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShapeshifter's Marrow	U	rare	Enchantment	70	U	2UU	At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player reveals the top card of their library. If it’s a creature card, the player puts the card into their graveyard and Shapeshifter’s Marrow becomes a copy of that card. (If it does, it loses this ability.)			normal	AKI		!tag reprintREPLACEMEPalace Sphinx	U	rare	Creature — Sphinx 	65	U	3UU	When Palace Sphinx enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose target opponent. For each judgment counter that player has, they choose one from among flying, vigilance, prowess, or hexproof. Palace Sphinx has the chosen abilities until your next turn.	5/5		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIyazta Stylite	B	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Cleric 	99	B	4B	Menace
When Iyazta Stylite dies, you may exile it from your graveyard. If you do, return target creature card with lesser mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEInexorable Executioner	B	rare	Creature — Human Assassin 	97	B	2B	When Inexorable Executioner enters the battlefield, you may remove a judgment counter from an opponent. If you do, target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEFeet of Clay	R	rare	Enchantment	128	R	3R	When Feet of Clay enters the battlefield, choose a basic land type.
Nonbasic lands are the chosen type.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEFated Hero	W	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	16	W	W	Fated Hero gets +1/+1 and has vigilance as long an opponent controls a creature with power 3 or greater.
Fated Hero gets +1/+1 and has first strike as long an opponent controls a creature with toughness 3 or greater.	1/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIncendiary Rukh	R	rare	Creature — Phoenix 	136	R	1RR	Flying, haste
Incendiary Rukh gets +1/+1 for each judgment counter each opponent has.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Incendiary Rukh is in your graveyard, you may remove a judgment counter from an opponent. If you do, you may cast Incendiary Rukh from your graveyard this turn.	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Mortality	R	rare	Sorcery	126	R	1R	Edict of Mortality deal 3 damage to any target. If this spell was engraved, Edict of Mortality deals 7 damage instead.
Engrave 3—3RR (If you cast this spell for 3RR, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Remembrance	G	rare	Sorcery	167	G	1G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If this spell was engraved, instead return two target permanent cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Engrave 3—3GG (If you cast this spell for 3GG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMELord of the Swarm	G	rare	Creature — Insect 	179	G	5GG	Reach, haste
When Lord of the Swarm dies, if it wasn’t sacrificed, create six tokens that are copies of it, except they’re 1/1.	6/6		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEFace Judgment	W	rare	Instant	15	W	1WW	Exile target nonland permanent. If its mana value was 3 or greater, you get a judgment counter. (At the beginning of your upkeep, for each judgment counter, you lose 1 life or choose an opponent to create a Treasure.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEUnchallenged Lawgiver	U	rare	Creature — Lammasu 	77	U	4U	Flying, ward 7
Whenever Unchallenged Lawgiver deals combat damage to an opponent, double the number of each kind of counter on target permanent or that target player has.	3/6		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Elimination	B	rare	Sorcery	90	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If this spell was engraved, instead each creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
Engrave 3—3BB (If you cast this spell for 3BB, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEMonument Worshipper	R	rare	Creature — Human Minion 	139	R	RR	First strike
Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, Monument Worshipper gains double strike until end of turn.	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGolden Harmony	G	rare	Enchantment	172	G	1G	If a nonland source you control would produce mana, it produces that mana plus an additional G.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBoon of Safety	W	rare	Instant	3	W	1W	Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability that targets you or a permanent you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPleasure Cruise	U	rare	Sorcery	67	U	2U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may remove a judgment counter from an opponent.
Draw two cards. If the additional cost was paid, instead draw three cards.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMERabisu's Temptation	B	rare	Sorcery	109	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 1B any number of times. Copy it for each time the additional cost was paid.
Choose a nonland permanent type. Each opponent sacrifices a permanent of that type. If they can’t, they lose 2 life.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEScorching Sunset	R	rare	Sorcery	149	R	1RR	Destroy all artifacts.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGuardian Scourge	G	mythic	Creature — Hydra 	173	G	XG	Haste
Guardian Scourge enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to X or to the greatest number of counters on a permanent an opponent controls, whichever is greater.	0/0		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Immortality	W	rare	Sorcery	13	W	1W	Your life total becomes equal to half your starting life total. If this spell was engraved, instead your life total becomes equal to your starting life total.
Engrave 3—3WW (If you cast this spell for 3WW, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEdict of Oppression	U	rare	Sorcery	55	U	1U	Each opponent mills eight cards. If this spell was engraved, instead each opponent mills thirty cards.
Engrave 3—3UU (If you cast this spell for 3UU, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMESin-Gilded Manticore	B	rare	Creature — Manticore Demon 	114	B	2BB	Flying
If an effect would create one or more noncreature tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead and you lose 1 life for each token created this way.	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEShaba, Cloistered Queen	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	152	R	2R	X, Exile a creature card with mana value X from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of the exiled card, except it’s a Sculpture artifact creature and has haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEUnquestioned Iyazta	G	rare	Creature — Nightmare 	197	G	XXG	X can’t be 0.
When Unquestioned Iyazta enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a green creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEnforced Humility	WU	rare	Enchantment	213	WU	1WU	When Enforced Humility enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a judgment counter.
Creatures can’t attack you unless their controller pays X for each creature they control that’s attacking you, where X is the number of judgment counters they have.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEUnwinding Constrictor	UB	rare	Creature — Snake 	232	UB	UB	If one or more counters would be put on a permanent you don’t control, you may have that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters be put on that permanent instead.
If a player would get one or more counters, you may have that player get that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters instead.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMERemorseful General	BR	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	225	BR	1BR	Instant and sorcery spells you control and permanents you control have deathtouch.
Whenever a creature dies, Remorseful General deals 1 damage to each player.	3/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGreat Library of Ghazuz	RG	rare	Enchantment	215	RG	1RG	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control with the lowest power studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEPrince's Benevolence	WG	rare	Sorcery	221	WG	3GW	Destroy up to one target artifact, up to one target enchantment, and up to one target land. Each player who controlled a permanent destroyed this way may search their library for a permanent card that shares a type with it, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAncient Judge	WB	rare	Creature — Lammasu 	203	WB	2WB	Flying
Sacrifice a creature: Arbitrate. (You may remove a counter from target player. If you do, another target player gets a counter of the same kind. Repeat this process for creatures, then for noncreature permanents.)	4/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWild Inspiration	UR	rare	Enchantment	234	UR	2UR	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token and put X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is that spell’s mana value.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEStoic Watcher	BG	rare	Creature — Nephilim 	229	BG	1BG	Flying, vigilance
Whenever a creatures enters the battlefield, if its power is greater than Stoic Watcher’s, put a +1/+1 counter on Stoic Watcher.
Whenever a creature dies, if its toughness is greater than Stoic Watcher’s, put a +1/+1 counter on Stoic Watcher.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEWinged Justice	WR	rare	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	235	WR	1RW	Haste
Whenever you attack with an artifact creature and a nonartifact creature, creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.	2/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEHerald of the Old Ways	UG	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	217	UG	1GU	X, T, Sacrifice Herald of the Old Ways: Search your library for a Lammasu, Manticore, Nephilim, or Sphinx card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If X is 6 or more, create a token that’s a copy of that card.	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEOminous Obelisk		rare	Artifact	243	C	3	T: Add C. Put a charge counter on Ominous Obelisk.
T, Remove any number of charge counters from Ominous Obelisk: Add C for each charge counter removed this way.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMETomb of the Forgotten		rare	Land	260	C		T: Add C.
3: Put a charge counter on Tomb of the Forgotten. Then if Tomb of the Forgotten has ten or more charge counters on it, sacrifice it. If you do, create ten 2/2 black Horror creature tokens.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEQamesh, Ardent Justicar	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	31	W	1WW	As Qamesh, Ardent Justicar enters the battlefield, choose law or order.
• Law — Noncreature spells cost 1 more to cast.
• Order — Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped.	2/2		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEEldritch Echo	U	rare	Instant	56	U	1UU	When you cast your next spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEDecadent Barge	B	rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	88	B	B	Whenever Decadent Barge enters the battlefield or attacks, exile the top two cards of each opponent’s library.
Decadent Barge’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards exiled with it.
Crew 3	*/*		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEGraven Ideal	R	rare	Sorcery	132	R	XR	Graven Ideal deals X damage to any target.
Engrave X—XXR (If you cast this spell for XXR, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute X +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEStoic Stylite	G	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	191	G	1GG	Trample
Whenever Stoic Stylite deals combat damage to an opponent, it studies. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a noncreature, nonland card. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card on the top or bottom of your library.)	3/3		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEProud Contender	W	rare	Creature — Cat 	30	W	1W	When Proud Contender dies, exile it. If you do, create a white enchantment token named Proud Memories with “Creatures you control get +1/+1.”	2/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEAnointed Scarab	U	rare	Creature — Insect 	42	U	2U	Flying
When Anointed Scarab dies, you may pay X. If you do, return each other creature with mana value X or less to its owner’s hand.	3/1		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBeginning of the End	B	rare	Sorcery	83	B	5B	Target player loses X life and you gain X life, where X is the number of permanents put into graveyards from the battlefield this turn.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEBarkhan Hellkite	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	122	R	3RR	Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Barkhan Hellkite gets +2/+0 until end of turn.
1R, Discard a card: Draw a card.	3/4		normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIdyllic Pools	G	rare	Enchantment	176	G	2G	At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice another permanent. If you do, search your library for a permanent card with the same mana cost as that card plus an additional 1, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Mana cost includes color. For example, if you sacrifice a permanent with mana cost 2WB, search for a permanent with mana cost 3WB.)			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEIncarnation	G	common	Token Creature — Incarnation 	4	G			1/1		token	AKI		REPLACEMEHorror	B	common	Token Creature — Horror 	3	B			2/2		token	AKI		REPLACEMEEpic of Strength	G	rare	Sorcery	170	G	1GG	Engrave 3—5GG (If you cast this spell for 5GG, create a 0/0 Sculpture artifact creature token, then distribute three +1/+1 counters among Sculptures you control.)
Double the number of +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.			normal	AKI		REPLACEMEProud Memories	W	common	Token Enchantment	1	W		Creatures you control get +1/+1.			token	AKI		REPLACEME