Glory		common		14	C		(Mark your V counters here.)			token	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar, Legion's Emperor	WBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	221	WBR	1WBR	Whenever you attack, you may sacrifice another creature. When you do, choose two—
• Create two 1/1 red and white Soldier creature tokens with haste that are tapped and attacking.
• You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
• Caesar, Legion’s Emperor deals damage equal to the number of creature tokens you control to target opponent.	4/4		normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMETribute to the Lares	WU	rare	Instant	240	WU	WU	You gain 2 life. Then counter target spell unless its controller pays X, where X is the amount of life you’ve gained this turn.			normal	SPQ		REPRINT (from MHQ)REPLACEMEGilded Heir	WU	rare	Creature — Human Noble 	225	WU	1WU	Cards can’t leave exile or be cast from exile.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBrutal Murmillo	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	3	W	1W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Put a +1/+1 counter on Brutal Murmillo.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDominant Aureus	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	138	R	1R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGladius		common	Artifact — Equipment Arms 	9	C		(Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any other Arms from it.)
Equipped creature gets +2/-1.
Equip 3			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEScutum		common	Artifact — Equipment Arms 	11	C		(Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any other Arms from it.)
Equipped creature gets +0/+3.
Equip 3			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEShield of Oil and Water		mythic	Artifact — Equipment 	246	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+3 and has hexproof from blue and from black.
Whenever equipped creature blocks or becomes blocked, draw two cards. Then discard a card unless you sacrifice a creature.
Equip 3			normal	SPQ		!tag megacycle
!tag shieldREPLACEMERuthless Auxiliary	B	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	116	B	B	Whenever Ruthless Auxiliary attacks, if it’s equipped, defending player loses 2 life.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESullo's Cutthroat	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	124	B	1B	Sullo’s Cutthroat has menace as long as it’s equipped.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEReckless Centurion	B	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	115	B	1B	When Reckless Centurion dies, you gain 2 life and create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEYouthful Contender	B	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	130	B	2B	When Youthful Contender enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGaio's Luminary	B	common	Creature — Zombie Soldier 	102	B	2B	When Gaio’s Luminary enters the battlefield or dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBrooding Quaestor	B	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	93	B	2B	When Brooding Quaestor enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaptive Monitor	B	common	Creature — Lizard Beast 	94	B	4B	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve attacked this turn.
Menace	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEmperor's Hand	B	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	101	B	3B	As Emperor’s Hand enters the battlefield, create a Gladius Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGlory's Shadow	B	common	Creature — Shade 	104	B	4B	At the beginning of your end step, if an artifact or creature was put into a graveyard from the battlefield this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Glory’s Shadow.	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArena Apex	B	common	Creature — Beast 	89	B	5B	When Arena Apex enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	5/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEScarred Venator	G	common	Creature — Human Barbarian 	206	G	G	Trample
Scarred Venator gets +2/+2 as long as you control a Beast or Dinosaur.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGrizzled Legionary	G	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	194	G	1G	As Grizzled Legionary enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECapricious Guard	G	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	183	G	1G	Whenever Capricious Guard attacks, if you hold imperium, it gains deathtouch until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPredatory Executioner	G	common	Creature — Cat Beast 	204	G	2G	Flash	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECivic Guard	G	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	185	G	2G	When Civic Guard enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArena Outfitter	G	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	178	G	3G	When Arena Outfitter enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token, then you may attach it to a creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEUnconquered Thraex	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	213	G	3G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Target creature you control  assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power this turn.	2/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGoliath of Hamilbas	G	common	Creature — Elephant Beast 	193	G	4G	Trample, haste	4/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEColossal Dreadmaw	G	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	186	G	4GG	Trample	6/6		normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMEPlated Goliath	G	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	202	G	4G	Vigilance	4/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPraetorian Novitiate	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	158	R	R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Praetorian Novitiate deals 1 damage to each opponent.	1/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPromising Scrapper	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	160	R	1R	As Promising Scrapper enters the battlefield, create a Gladius Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	1/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFrontier Legionaries	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	147	R	1R	When Frontier Legionaries enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 red and white Soldier creature token with haste.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMERelentless Brawler	R	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	161	R	3R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Relentless Brawler gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAspiring Evocatus	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	131	R	2R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| If Aspiring Evocatus isn’t equipped, create a Gladius Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	2/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBrash Challenger	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	132	R	2R	As Brash Challenger enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	3/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEScorpio Engine	R	common	Artifact Creature	162	R	1R	Defender
T: Scorpio Engine deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever a token enters the battlefield under your control, untap Scorpio Engine.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImposing Gladiator	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	152	R	3R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Target creature can’t block this turn.	4/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFraulian Dominator	R	common	Creature — Ogre Barbarian 	145	R	4R	Reach
Whenever Fraulian Dominator blocks or becomes blocked, if it’s equipped, it deals 2 damage to target opponent.	5/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDaring Duplicarius	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	136	R	4R	When Daring Duplicarius enters the battlefield, it deals damage to any target equal to the number of equipped creatures you control.	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEVestal Oracle	U	common	Creature — Human Mystic 	86	U	U	Vigilance
1U, T, Return Vestal Oracle to its owner’s hand: Draw a card. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGuardian of the Limites	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	59	U	1U	As Guardian of the Limites enters the battlefield, create a Scutum Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +0/+3” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	1/0		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEHaughty Strix	U	common	Creature — Harpy 	60	U	1U	Flying
Haughty Strix can’t attack unless you hold imperium.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESoaring Pinnaelacertus	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	79	U	2U	Flying
At the beginning of each combat, if you control a creature with toughness 4 or greater, Soaring Pinnaelacertus gets +1/+0 and gains vigilance until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECivic Architect	U	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	50	U	2U	Flash
Civic Architect enters the battlefield tapped unless it’s your turn or you control an artifact.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEInspiring Vexillarius	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	62	U	3U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you hold imperium.
When Inspiring Vexillarius enters the battlefield, draw a card.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESkyfisher Sovereign	U	common	Creature — Harpy 	78	U	3U	Flying
1U, Discard Skyfisher Sovereign: You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMERenegade Gladiator	U	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	75	U	4U	Whenever Renegade Gladiator enters the battlefield or attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw a card.	4/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMENaumachian Terror	U	common	Creature — Serpent 	70	U	4UU	5U: Naumachian Terror can’t be blocked this turn. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each artifact you control.	5/7		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDaring Thraex	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	14	W	W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Daring Thraex gains first strike until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEHarrier of the North	W	common	Creature — Harpy 	23	W	W	Flying
W, T, Return Harrier of the North to its owner’s hand: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPlebian Recruit	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	30	W	1W	When Plebian Recruit enters the battlefield, you may pay 2. If you do, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGriffin Whelp	W	common	Creature — Griffin 	22	W	1W	Flying, lifelink
When Griffin Whelp dies, you may exile it. If you do, you gain 3 life.	1/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Evocatus	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	5	W	2W	Lifelink
3W: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWhitemane Griffin	W	common	Creature — Griffin 	44	W	2W	Flying
When Whitemane Griffin enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIllustrious Champion	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	24	W	2W	You may cast this spell as though it had flash if one or more creatures are attacking you.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETriumphant Equite	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	39	W	3W	Vigilance
Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Triumphant Equite.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECapricious Lictor	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	9	W	5W	This spell costs X less to cast, where X is the amount of life you’ve gained this turn.
Vigilance	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFrontline Tactician	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	20	W	4W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Tap target creature you don’t control.	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESullen Equite	W	common	Creature — Human Knight 	36	W	3W	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you attacked with this turn.
When Sullen Equite enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Fury	W	common	Instant	6	W	1W	Caesar’s Fury deals 3 damage to target creature if it’s attacking, blocking, or if its activated abilities were activated this turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETactical Encirclement	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	37	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.
Activated abilities of equipment attached to enchanted creature can’t be activated.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELegion's Judgment	W	common	Sorcery	28	W	2W	Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.			normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMEConquest of Fraulia	W	common	Instant	13	W	W	When you cast this spell, if you hold imperium, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.
Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEUnder the Aquila's Gaze	W	common	Instant	41	W	W	You may attach an Equipment you control to target creature. If you don’t, put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEExultant Maniple	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	17	W	3W	When Exultant Maniple enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESolemn Offering	W	common	Instant	33	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.			normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMEGlad-Handing Senator	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	21	W	W	Flash
When Glad-Handing Senator enters the battlefield, you may return another nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEInspiring Signifer	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	27	W	1W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Other creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBorder Sentinels	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	2	W	1W	When Border Sentinels enters the battlefield, return target non-Scout creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Tribune	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	8	W	2W	Caesar’s Tribune has vigilance and lifelink as long as you hold imperium.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEConquering Equite	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	12	W	3W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
Vigilance
VV| Exile another target creature, then return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.	3/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStormwarning Harpy	W	uncommon	Creature — Harpy 	35	W	3WW	Flying
When Stormwarning Harpy enters the battlefield, you may return up to two other creatures you control to their owners’ hands. You gain 2 life for each of those creatures.	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStalwart Duplicarius	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	34	W	W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Stalwart Duplicarius gets +1/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEForeign Envoy	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	19	W	2W	Whenever an attacking creature you control dies, return target nonland permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	1/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDelenda Est	W	uncommon	Sorcery	15	W	1WW	Destroy target tapped creature. You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEUnchallenged Contender	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	40	W	1WW	When Unchallenged Contender enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Unchallenged Contender leaves the battlefield.
3W: Return Unchallenged Contender to its owner’s hand. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFace the Arena	W	uncommon	Instant	18	W	1W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Each creature you control with a counter on it gets an additional +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBurnished Helm	W	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	4	W	1W	Equipment you control have “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.”
Equip 1			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESteadfast Shieldwall	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier Wall 	80	U	1U	Defender
When Steadfast Shieldwall enters the battlefield, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPax Avictus	U	common	Instant	73	U	1UU	Counter target spell. If you hold imperium, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPeace by the Sword	U	common	Instant	74	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 plus an additional 1 for each token you control			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAfter the Conflict	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	46	U	U	Enchant creature
When After the Conflict enters the battlefield, if you hold imperium, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESurvey the Border	U	common	Sorcery	82	U	3U	Scry 2, then draw two cards. You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMERoving Remex	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	76	U	1U	When Roving Remex enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls and put a stun counter on it.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAcross the Rubicus	U	common	Instant	45	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2.
Return target creature to its owner’s hand. If the additional cost was paid, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELorica Segmentata	U	common	Artifact — Equipment 	65	U	U	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 2.
Equip 2			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThirst for Triumph	U	uncommon	Instant	84	U	2U	Draw three cards. Then discard two cards unless you discard a creature card with toughness 4 or greater.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Opulence	U	common	Artifact	49	U	U	T, Tap an untapped artifact or creature you control: Add C. If you hold imperium, instead add one mana of any color.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEOracle of the Lares	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mystic 	72	U	U	When Oracle of the Lares enters the battlefield, if its toughness is greater than its base toughness, draw a card.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFrontline Loyalist	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	55	U	UU	Flash
When Frontline Loyalist enters the battlefield, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If you don’t, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStern Duplicarius	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	81	U	2U	Flash
When Stern Duplicarius enters the battlefield, choose target nonland permanent. If its mana value is less than or equal to Stern Duplicarius’s toughness, return it to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWar Philosopher	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	87	U	3U	If one or more tokens would be created under your control, those tokens plus a Clue token are created instead. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	2/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEOgre Auxilliary	U	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Warrior 	71	U	4U	As Ogre Auxilliary enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)
1, Sacrifice an artifact: Ogre Auxilliary gains hexproof until end of turn.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGaio's Stallion	U	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton Horse 	57	U	2U	Whenever Gaio’s Stallion attacks, choose one —
• Gaio’s Stallion assigns combat damage this turn equal to its toughness rather than its power.
• Whenever Gaio’s Stallion deals combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.	1/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETestudo Veteran	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	83	U	2U	Flash
Other creatures you control get +0/+1.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMoment of Innovation	U	common	Instant	67	U	2U	Draw two cards, then discard a card. Create a Pilum Arms token. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBulwark Murmillo	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	220	UG	GU	Each other creature you control with toughness greater than its power gets +1/+1.	1/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECivic Duty	U	uncommon	Enchantment	51	U	2U	Whenever a creature you control attacks, target player mills cards equal to that creature’s toughness.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperial Decree	U	uncommon	Enchantment	61	U	3U	When Imperial Decree enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
As long as you hold imperium, creatures your opponents control get -1/-0.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThe Legion Protects	U	uncommon	Instant	64	U	U	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Create a Scutum Arms token. You may attach it to that creature. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +0/+3” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMENaumachian Games	U	uncommon	Enchantment	69	U	1U	When Naumachian Games enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token. You may attach it to target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)
Whenever an Equipment becomes attached to a creature you control, you may tap or untap target creature.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPollice Verso	B	common	Instant	114	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. It gets -4/-4 until end of turn instead if you control a Beast or Dinosaur.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETainted Denarii	B	common	Artifact	126	B	B	When Tainted Denarii enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, choose one —
• Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
• You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEdict of Gaio	B	common	Sorcery	100	B	1B	Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker. If you control an equipped creature, that players loses 2 life.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESpoils of War	B	common	Sorcery	123	B	4B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker. Create a Gladius Arms token. You may attach it to a creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESavage Spectacle	B	common	Instant	118	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Draw two cards. If you control a Beast or Dinosaur or if there is a Beast or Dinosaur card in your graveyard, create a Treasure token.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBone and Mortar	B	common	Sorcery	92	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain life equal to that creature’s mana value.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDays of Iron and Rust	B	common	Sorcery	97	B	2B	Target opponent discards two cards. If fewer than two cards are discarded this way, create a Pilum Arms token. You may attach it to a creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECoup de Grace	B	common	Instant	96	B	B	Create a Gladius Arms token. You may attach it to target creature. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGather in Shadow	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or pay 2.
Gather in Shadow deals 2 damage to target creature and you gain 2 life.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECarrion Crawler	B	uncommon	Creature — Insect Beast 	95	B	B	Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses life equal to Carrion Crawler’s power.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELost Centurion	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Soldier 	112	B	1B	Whenever Lost Centurion deals damage to a permanent, remove all counters from that permanent.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDeathless Champion	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Soldier 	98	B	2B	At the beginning of your end step, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, return Deathless Champion from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESavage Challenger	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	117	B	3B	Lifelink
Whenever Savage Challenger becomes blocked, if it’s equipped, it deals 1 damage to each creature blocking it.	3/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEScavenging Tyrant	B	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	120	B	4B	Menace
Other Beasts and Dinosaurs you control have menace.	5/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESavage Triga	B	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	119	B	2BB	When Savage Triga enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls.
Crew X, where X is the exiled card’s mana value (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power X or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEYoked Dromosaur	B	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	129	B	3B	When Yoked Dromosaur enters the battlefield, create a Gladius Arms token. When you do, you may attach it to another target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)
1, Sacrifice an artifact: Tap Yoked Dromosaur. It gains indestructible until end of turn.	4/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThe Legion Conquers	B	uncommon	Sorcery	110	B	2B	Destroy target creature or land. If a land is destroyed this way, its controller searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield, then shuffles.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEInglorious Return	B	uncommon	Sorcery	107	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If its mana value is 3 or less, create a Pilum Arms token and attach it to that creature. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThe Die Is Cast	B	uncommon	Sorcery	99	B	2BB	Create a Gladius Arms token. Then each creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is twice the number of Equipment you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELegion's Loss	B	uncommon	Sorcery	111	B	B	You gain 1 life. Target player reveals a number of cards from their hand equal to the life you’ve gained this turn. You choose one of them. That player discards that card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETenuous Rule	B	uncommon	Sorcery	127	B	1B	Choose target creature, then its controller sacrifices a creature. If they didn’t sacrifice the chosen creature, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIre of the Corpse-Emperor	B	uncommon	Instant	108	B	1B	Each player mills three cards. Then exile each opponent’s graveyard.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETurn to Slag	R	common	Sorcery	170	R	3RR	Turn to Slag deals 5 damage to target creature. Destroy all Equipment attached to that creature.			normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMETrample Underfoot	R	common	Sorcery	169	R	3R	Trample Underfoot deals 4 damage to any target. You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIn the Heat of Combat	R	common	Sorcery	153	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. You may attach an Equipment you control to it. If you do, unattach all Equipment from that creature at end of turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEver Onwards	R	common	Instant	141	R	2R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. Equipped creatures you control get an additional +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDays of Gold	R	common	Sorcery	137	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 1 unless you’ve gained two or more V this turn.
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperial Gladius	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	151	R	R	When Imperial Gladius enters the battlefield, create a Gladius Arms token. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has menace.
Equip 2			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESic Semper Tyrannosaurus	R	common	Instant	164	R	1R	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains first strike and becomes a green Dinosaur with base power and toughness 4/2.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECollapse of Order	R	common	Sorcery	134	R	3R	Create two 1/1 red and white Soldier creature tokens with haste. Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDamnatio Memoriae	R	common	Instant	135	R	1R	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy up to two target artifact tokens.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELauded Victor	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	154	R	R	Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Lauded Victor or an Equipment is attached to Lauded Victor, create a Treasure token. This ability triggers only once each turn. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGallant Charger	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	148	R	2R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Create a 1/1 red and white Soldier creature token with haste that’s tapped and attacking.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEOracle of the Legion	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	157	R	1RR	When Oracle of the Legion enters the battlefield, surveil 2.  When you do, Oracle of the Legion deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your graveyard. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFraulian Deathworm	R	uncommon	Creature — Wurm 	144	R	3RR	When Fraulian Deathworm enters the battlefield, create two tapped Treasure tokens, then Fraulian Deathworm deals damage to any target equal to the number of tokens you control.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESurvivor of Urcolenus	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	166	R	3R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Survivor of Urcolenus gains double strike until end of turn.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFiery Sophist	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	142	R	1R	When Fiery Sophist enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
1R, Sacrifice Fiery Sophist: Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Champion	R	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	133	R	1RR	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Caesar’s Champion deals 3 damage to the player or permanent it’s attacking.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFortunes of War	R	uncommon	Sorcery	143	R	2R	Fortunes of War deals 2 damage to each creature that isn’t equipped.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThrown to the Arena	R	uncommon	Instant	167	R	1R	Choose target creature you control. You may create a Gladius Arms token. If you do, attach it to that creature. Then that creature fights target creature you don’t control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGilt Regalia	R	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	149	R	R	Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has “Whenever this creature deals excess damage, create a Treasure token.”
Equip 2			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMight of the Legion	R	uncommon	Enchantment	156	R	2R	Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.
Equipped creatures you control get +1/+0.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEShattered Peace	R	uncommon	Sorcery	163	R	1R	Each player sacrifices an artifact or nonbasic land.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArmored Strike	G	common	Instant	179	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its toughness to any nonplayer target.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBask in Triumph	G	common	Sorcery	180	G	1G	Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEValiant Stand	G	common	Instant	215	G	1G	Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its toughness.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWhere All Roads Lead	G	common	Sorcery	216	G	G	Choose one —
• You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
• Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGird for War	G	common	Sorcery	192	G	G	Create a Scutum Arms token. You may attach it to target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +0/+3” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEShower of Arrows	G	common	Instant	207	G	2G	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying. Scry 1.			normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMEAb Urbe Condita	G	common	Sorcery	174	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve attacked this turn.
Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETo Blunt a Blade	G	common	Instant	212	G	2G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPlebian Laborer	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Serf 	203	G	G	Trample
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater toughness than Plebian Laborer, put a +1/+1 counter on Plebian Laborer.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMartial Tribune	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier Advisor 	199	G	2G	Martial Tribune has trample and vigilance as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDecorated Titan	G	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	188	G	3GG	Trample
When Decorated Titan enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with toughness greater than its power.	5/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEHero of Sindos	G	uncommon	Creature — Cat Beast Warrior 	196	G	4GG	At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card if you control the creature with the greatest toughness or tied for the greatest toughness.	4/7		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFraulian Decimator	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Barbarian 	191	G	2G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Fraulian Decimator gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the amount of V you’ve spent this turn.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECrocota Shadowstalker	G	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Beast 	187	G	2G	Deathtouch
When Crocota Shadowstalker enters the battlefield, distribute X +1/+1 counters among any number of creatures you control, where X is the number of creatures you control.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAd Bestias	G	uncommon	Sorcery	175	G	1G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control with power X or greater.
Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value X.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIn Corpore Sano	G	uncommon	Enchantment	198	G	2G	When In Corpore Sano enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on it instead.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEHunt Far and Wide	G	uncommon	Sorcery	197	G	2G	Create an X/X green Beast creature token, where X is the greatest toughness among creatures you control.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBestial Primacy	G	uncommon	Sorcery	181	G	4G	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a Beast or Dinosaur.
Until end of turn, target creature gets +5/+5, gains trample, and must be blocked if able.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMen Forget, History Recalls	G	uncommon	Sorcery	200	G	2G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. If you hold imperium, instead return up to two target permanent cards from your graveyard to your hand.
Exile Men Forget, History Recalls.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPraetorian Guard	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	231	BR	1BR	As Praetorian Guard enters the battlefield, create a Pilum Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)
Equipped creatures you control have haste.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELoquacious Consul	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	228	WB	1WB	At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve gained 3 or more life this turn, draw a card.	1/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELost Legionary	UB	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Soldier 	229	UB	1UB	Artifacts you control have “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMENaumachian Defeat	U	uncommon	Instant	68	U	2U	Counter target spell if its mana value is less than or equal to the greatest toughness among creatures you control.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStoic Lictor	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	235	WG	2GW	When Stoic Lictor enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
Creature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEProscribed Orator	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	232	WU	2WU	When Proscribed Orator enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
When Proscribed Orator enters the battlefield, return target creature to its owner’s hand.	2/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEVeteran Champion	UR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	241	UR	1UR	Vigilance
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control two or more tokens, put a +1/+1 counter on Veteran Champion.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBeast Tamer	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Barbarian 	219	BG	2BG	Whenever a Beast or Dinosaur enters the battlefield under you control, you may create a Gladius Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArena Veteran	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	217	WR	RW	Whenever one or more creatures you control with glory attack, you get an additional V.	3/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWinged Victory		common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	250	C	2	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Winged Victory gains flying until end of turn.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEThermae Guardian		common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	248	C	3	The first equip ability you activate each turn costs 1 less to activate.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESilver Centurion		common	Artifact Creature — Golem Soldier 	247	C	5	As Silver Centurion enters the battlefield, create a Gladius Arms token attached to it. (It’s an Equipment with “Equipped creature gets +2/-1” and equip 3. Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any others.)	3/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEUrn of Plenty		common	Artifact — Equipment 	249	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
7, Sacrifice Urn of Plenty: Destroy target nonland permanent.
Equip 2			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBorder-Carver Gladius		common	Artifact — Equipment 	242	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/-1.
1, Sacrifice Border-Carver Gladius: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Equip 3			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETriumphant Arch		common	Land	261	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Triumphant Arch: You take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperial Villa		rare	Land — Forest Plains 	253	WG		(T: Add G or W.)
Imperial Villa enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Imperial Villa: Add GW. Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArena Dominator	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	177	G	2G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Put a +1/+1 counter on Arena Dominator.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperium		common		15	C		

You lose imperium at the end of each of your turns if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell during that turn.			token	SPQ		REPLACEMELegion Signifer	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	227	RG	1RG	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
Whenever you activate a glory ability, Legion Signifer gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
VV| Creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESullo, Praetorian Consul	WBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	236	WBG	BGW	Deathtouch, lifelink, haste
Whenever you put a counter on another permanent you control, you may put a counter of the same kind on Sullo, Praetorian Consul.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETomura, Barbarian Queen	URG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Barbarian 	237	URG	URG	Whenever a creature dealt damage by Tomura, Barbarian Queen this turn dies, draw a card.
Whenever you cast a spell, you may tap another untapped creature you control. If you do, Tomura deals damage equal to Tomura’s power to any target.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGaio, Princeps of the Dead	UBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Zombie Noble 	224	UBG	GUB	You may cast permanent spells from your graveyard, but not from anywhere else.	3/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESoldier	WR	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	7	WR		Haste	1/1		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEShadowsmoke Contender	W	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter Warrior 	32	W	1W	You may have Shadowsmoke Contender enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature token you control, except it has lifelink.	0/0		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	13	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEPrice of Glory	R	rare	Enchantment	159	R	2R	Whenever a player taps a land for mana, if it’s not that player’s turn, destroy that land.			normal	SPQ		!tag reprintREPLACEMEThus Always to Tyrants	W	rare	Sorcery	38	W	3WW	Choose one —
• Each player sacrifices a creature with the greatest power among creatures they control.
• Destroy all creatures.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFraulian Ogre	RG	rare	Creature — Ogre Barbarian 	223	RG	1RG	Whenever a creature dies, if it didn’t have the greatest power among creatures on the battlefield or was tied for the greatest, create a Treasure token.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBeware the Ides	B	rare	Sorcery	91	B	2BB	Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control with a finality counter on it. Exile each other card from that graveyard. (If a permanent with a finality counter on it would die, exile it instead.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEt Tu	R	uncommon	Instant	140	R	R	Choose any nonplayer target. Each creature you control deals 1 damage to that target.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESwordbreaker Saurian	G	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	211	G	1GGG	Trample, haste
Whenever Swordbreaker Saurian attacks, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAntoninus, First Citizen	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	48	U	1UU	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VVVVV| Take an extra turn after this one. Put Antoninus, First Citizen on the bottom of its owner’s library.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEQuincunx Patera		mythic	Artifact	245	C	5	Spells cost five mana to cast. (Increase costs lower than five with generic mana. Reduce costs higher than five first by generic mana, then by colored mana. This effect can’t reduce colored costs to below one mana of any color.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMELegate of Gaio	B	rare	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	109	B	1BB	As Legate of Gaio enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of artifacts and/or creatures. Legate of Gaio enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it for each permanent sacrificed this way.
When Legate of Gaio dies, you draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is Legate of Gaio’s power.	0/0		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAncient Wisdom	U	rare	Enchantment	47	U	2U	Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay 2. If you do, draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEmperor's Domus		uncommon	Land	251	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Emperor’s Domus: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGlorious Forum		uncommon	Land	252	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Glorious Forum: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMERuins of Empire		uncommon	Land	256	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Ruins of Empire: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESeat of the Princeps		uncommon	Land	258	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Seat of the Princeps: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPlanned Amphitheatre		uncommon	Land	255	C		T: Add C.
1, T, Sacrifice Planned Amphitheatre: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStoic Frigidarium		rare	Land — Plains Island 	260	WU		(T: Add W or U.)
Stoic Frigidarium enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Stoic Frigidarium: Add WU. Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEOpulent Domus		rare	Land — Island Swamp 	254	UB		(T: Add U or B.)
Opulent Domus enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Opulent Domus: Add UB. Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEShadowed Lararium		rare	Land — Swamp Mountain 	259	BR		(T: Add B or R.)
Shadowed Lararium enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Shadowed Lararium: Add BR. Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESacred Templum		rare	Land — Mountain Forest 	257	RG		(T: Add R or G.)
Sacred Templum enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Sacred Templum: Add RG. Draw a card.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETribune of the Dead	BR	rare	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	239	BR	BR	Menace
Whenever an opponent shuffles their library, that player loses 2 life.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMENecrodominance	BR	rare	Sorcery	230	BR	BR	Exile the top three cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards. You lose 3 life.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEmperor's Demise	R	mythic	Sorcery	139	R	1RR	Emperor’s Demise deals 4 damage to any target. If excess damage is dealt this way, create that many Treasure tokens. If that excess damage is 6 or greater, you may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBeast	G	common	Token Creature — Beast 	5	G			X/X		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEProvincial Magistrate	WG	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	233	WG	GW	At the beginning of each opponent’s end step, if you weren’t dealt combat damage this turn, create a 2/1 white Advisor creature token.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESavage Screecher	UB	rare	Creature — Harpy 	234	UB	1UB	Flying
If a card would be put into an opponent’s hand, if it wasn’t drawn, exile it instead.	3/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEColosseum Exemplar	U	rare	Creature — Human Barbarian 	52	U	1U	When Colosseum Exemplar enters the battlefield or attacks, you may exile an artifact card from your hand or graveyard.
Colosseum Exemplar has all activated abilities of all non-Equipment artifact cards exiled with it.
Colosseum Exemplar gets +1/+1 for each Equipment card exiled with it.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaesar's Jurist	W	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	7	W	1W	Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Caesar’s Jurist and that player skips their next draw step.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDramatic Encirclement	WG	rare	Sorcery	222	WG	3GGW	Destroy all creatures. For each nontoken creature you controlled that was destroyed this way, create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAdvisor	W	common	Token Creature — Advisor 	1	W			2/1		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEHamilbas, Master of Warfare	WUR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	226	WUR	RWU	As Hamilbas, Master of Warfare enters the battlefield, secretly choose odd or even.
Vigilance
3, T, Reveal your choice: Creatures you don’t control with mana value of the chosen quality assign combat damage to themselves this turn. Activate only once.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMartius Aurus, August Scion	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	155	R	2R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VVVVV| Activate the glory ability of each other creature you control without paying its glory cost.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESullo's Champion	G	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	210	G	1G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
Whenever Sullo’s Champion deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
VV| Sullo’s Champion fights target creature you don’t control.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESindos Exemplar	G	uncommon	Creature — Cat Beast Warrior 	209	G	3G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Sindos Exemplar gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the greatest toughness among other creatures you control.	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArs Longa, Vita Brevis	UB	rare	Sorcery	218	UB	2UB	Look at target player’s hand, then separate those cards into two face-down piles. That player chooses one of those piles. Put the other pile into that player’s graveyard.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETotal War	RG	rare	Enchantment	238	RG	1RG	Creatures you control have trample and haste.
Whenever a creature you control deals damage to any target, you may treat that damage as combat damage. Do this only once each turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEVictor's Hubris	W	uncommon	Instant	42	W	1W	Destroy target creature if it’s equipped or enchanted.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMERender Unto Caesar	W	rare	Enchantment	31	W	1W	Whenever an opponent draws a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, that player may pay 2. If the player doesn’t, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWarrior	W	common	Token Creature — Warrior 	2	W			1/1		token	SPQ		REPLACEMESimian Centurion	G	uncommon	Creature — Monkey Soldier 	208	G	1G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Simian Centurion must be blocked this turn if able.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECivic Coronation	W	rare	Enchantment	11	W	W	When Civic Coronation enters the battlefield, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control at least two more creatures than any opponent, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGaio's Return	U	rare	Sorcery	56	U	4UU	Choose one —
• Return all artifacts and creatures to their owners’ hands.
• Return all artifact, instant, and sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Gaio’s Return.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESindos Siegebreaker	B	rare	Creature — Rhino 	122	B	1BBB	When Sindos Siegebreaker enters the battlefield, target creature you don’t control gets -3/-3 until end of turn and you gain 3 life.	4/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFauna's Bane	G	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	189	G	1GG	When Fauna’s Bane enters the battlefield, if it was cast, create an X/X green Beast creature token, where X is the number of permanents you control with counters on them.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEEnter the Hippodrome	W	mythic	Sorcery	16	W	1WWW	Search your library for an artifact or enchantment card with mana value 5 or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If that permanent isn’t a creature, it becomes a 5/5 Vehicle artifact with crew 2 in addition to its other types and abilities.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGraveborn Outrider	B	mythic	Creature — Zombie Knight 	105	B	1B	Trample
Whenever Graveborn Outrider attacks, you may exile target creature card with mana value less than or equal to Graveborn Outrider’s power from your graveyard. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature.	1/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEScourge of Fraulia	B	mythic	Creature — Dinosaur 	121	B	3BBB	Flying
Other creatures you control get +2/-1.
When Scourge of Fraulia dies, exile it. When you do, return all creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, then you lose life equal to the number of creatures you control.	5/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperial Eternus		mythic	Artifact Creature — Construct 	244	C	XX	As Imperial Eternus enters the battlefield, create X 1/1 Construct artifact creature tokens.
Imperial Eternus’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of other Constructs you control.
2, T: Create a tapped 1/1 Construct artifact creature token.	0/0		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGlorious Triumph	U	mythic	Sorcery	58	U	7UUU	Exile all creatures, then return them to the battlefield under your control.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEHaad, Barqo's Cannon	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elephant 	195	G	2GG	Trample
Each creature you control with base power less than 3 has base power 3.
Each creature you control with base toughness less than 3 has base toughness 3.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEColosseum Arbiter		mythic	Artifact Creature — Drone 	243	C	3	Flying
No more than X creatures can attack each combat and no more than X creatures can block each combat, where X is Colosseum Arbiter’s toughness.	1/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImperial Seraph	W	mythic	Creature — Angel Soldier 	26	W	2WW	Flying
When Imperial Seraph enters the battlefield, you take imperium. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)
Whenever a nontoken creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it dies, create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s an Angel Soldier.	3/3		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDecimation of Fraulia		mythic	Battle — Conflict 	1	C	7	(As this enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it.)
When Decimation of Fraulia enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent.
When Decimation of Fraulia is defeated, each opponent sacrifices ten permanents.			normal	SPQ	10	REPLACEMEThunderous Imperator	R	mythic	Creature — Dinosaur 	168	R	2RR	Flying, trample
Whenever Thunderous Imperator deals combat damage to a player, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the greatest power among equipped creatures you control.	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEValor's End	R	rare	Sorcery	171	R	2RR	For each creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn, return it to the battlefield tapped with a decayed counter on it. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPhilopatris, Primal Queen	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	201	G	3G	Whenever you cast a permanent spell with mana value greater than the greatest mana value among permanents you control, create an X/X green Beast creature token, where X is that spell’s mana value.	2/5		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEImpending Devastation	W	rare	Sorcery	25	W	1WWW	Choose two —
• Destroy target artifact
• Destroy target battle.
• Destroy target creature.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Destroy target planeswalker.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEScheming Aedile	U	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	77	U	UU	You may look at the top card of your library any time.
As long as you hold imperium, you may play lands and cast spells from the top of your library.
3U: You take imperium. Activate only once. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESyphon Aether	B	rare	Sorcery	125	B	3B	Remove all counters from all permanents you don’t control. Choose up to one target creature you control. Put a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of counters removed this way.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWar Never Changes	R	rare	Sorcery	172	R	1RR	Destroy all artifacts that aren’t attached to creatures you control.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEBoneyard of Empires	G	rare	Sorcery	182	G	2G	Choose target creature you control. Return any number of permanent cards with total mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is that creature’s toughness.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIntrusive Intent	U	rare	Sorcery	63	U	1U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	SPQ		REPRINT (from SSF)REPLACEMEConstruct		common	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	8	C			1/1		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEEmpire's Wealth	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	54	U	2UU	Enchant nonland permanent
When Empire’s Wealth enters the battlefield, enchanted permanent’s owner creates a number of Treasure tokens equal to its mana value.
You control enchanted permanent.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEAre You Not Entertained	B	rare	Instant	88	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice up to three artifacts and/or creatures.
Are You Not Entertained deals X damage to any target and you gain X life, where X is the number of permanents put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStoryteller's Bulwark	R	rare	Artifact — Equipment 	165	R	R	Whenever Storyteller’s Bulwark enters the battlefield or becomes attached to a creature, exile the top card of your library.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage, until end of turn, you may play cards exiled with Storyteller’s Bulwark.
Equip 1R			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPro Tanto Quid	G	rare	Sorcery	205	G	1GG	Each player chooses a color. Destroy each nonbasic land that can produce mana of a color not chosen this way.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArena's Scorn	B	rare	Sorcery	90	B	1B	Choose a nonland card name. Search target opponent’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and reveal them. For each of those cards, exile it unless its owner pays 2 life. Put the rest into their owner’s graveyard.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEDomineering Proconsul	U	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	53	U	2U	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, draw two cards.	3/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGravebound Charioteer	B	rare	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	106	B	4BB	Menace
Whenever a nontoken artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s a 1/1 Skeleton creature.	5/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWrath Unleashed	R	rare	Sorcery	173	R	3RR	Each player sacrifices up to two nonbasic lands. Then for each player, Wrath Unleashed deals X damage to each creature and planeswalker they control and each battle they protect, where X is 5 minus the number of lands they sacrificed this way.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEUntrammeled Nature	G	rare	Enchantment	214	G	1G	Beasts and Dinosaurs you control get +0/+2.
Each creature you control with toughness greater than its power assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEWarshaper Legate	W	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	43	W	W	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| Your opponents can’t cast spells this turn.	2/1		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEManifold Maniple	U	rare	Creature — Shapeshifter Soldier 	66	U	3UU	You may have Manifold Maniple enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature you control. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of it.	0/0		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETreacherous Senator	B	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	128	B	1B	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token with decayed. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEGuardian of the Eagle	R	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	150	R	1R	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
VV| Create a red artifact token named Vexillum with “Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.”	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEArchitect of Triumph	G	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	176	G	2G	Glory (Whenever this attacks, you get V, a glory counter, then you may activate this card’s glory ability.)
V| You take imperium. If you already hold imperium, instead draw a card. (Creatures you cast enter the battlefield with an extra +1/+1 counter. You lose imperium at the end of your turn if you didn’t attack or cast a creature spell.)	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECatevorix, Fraulia's Last	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	10	W	1WW	Other creatures you control get +2/+2.
At the beginning of each end step, if two or more creatures died under your control this turn, sacrifice Catevorix, Fraulia’s Last.	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMETyrant of the Medivictanean	U	rare	Creature — Chimera 	85	U	2UU	Flying
Tyrant of the Medivictanean gets +1/+1 for each differently named token you control.	4/4		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMartial Bull	B	rare	Artifact	113	B	2B	When Martial Bull enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, each player sacrifices a creature and a nonartifact, noncreature permanent.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEFrenzied Spectacle	R	rare	Enchantment	146	R	R	Whenever a source you control deals damage to a creature you don’t control, put a ludi counter on Frenzied Spectacle.
Remove five ludi counters from Frenzied Spectacle and sacrifice it: If it’s your main phase, there’s an additional combat phase after this phase. At the beginning of that combat, untap all creatures you control.			normal	SPQ		REPLACEMECaravan Titanosaur	G	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	184	G	4GGG	Trample
At the beginning of combat on your turn, Caravan Titanosaur gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the total toughness of other creatures you control.	6/6		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEPilum		common	Artifact — Equipment Arms 	10	C		(Attaching an Arms to a creature unattaches any other Arms from it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 3			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEElephant	G	common	Token Creature — Elephant 	6	G			3/3		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEMaster of the Gallery	W	rare	Creature — Basilisk 	29	W	2WW	Flying
When Master of the Gallery enters the battlefield, exile target nonland, nonartifact permanent. Its controller creates a colorless artifact token named Statue with “4, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Return the exiled card to its owner’s hand.”	2/2		normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEStatue		common	Token Artifact	12	C		4, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Return the exiled card to its owner’s hand.			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEVexillum	R	common	Token Artifact	4	R		Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.			token	SPQ		REPLACEMEFenexian Gambit	G	mythic	Battle — Conflict 	190	G	GG	(As this enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it.)
When Fenexian Gambit enters the battlefield, each opponent creates a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.
When Fenexian Gambit is defeated, search your library and/or graveyard for a creature card and put it on the battlefield. If you search your library this way, shuffle. 			normal	SPQ	5	REPLACEMEZombie	B	common	Token Creature — Zombie 	3	B		Decayed (This creature can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2/2		token	SPQ		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	262	C					normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	263	C					normal	SPQ		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	264	C					normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	265	C					normal	SPQ		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	266	C					normal	SPQ		REPLACEME