Forrest Jay, Collector	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human 	223	WUBRG	WUBRG	When Forrest Jay, Collector enters the battlefield, search your library for up to one Alien card, up to one Robot card, and up to one Zombie card, exile them, then shuffle. You may put one of those cards onto the battlefield if its mana value is less than the amount of mana spent to cast Forrest Jay. Put the rest into your hand.	5/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGulgops, Federation Chair	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur Advisor 	13	W	1WW	At the beginning of your first main phase, choose democracy or progress.
• Democracy — Until your next turn, noncreature spells cost 1 more to cast.
• Progress — Until your next turn, creature spells cost W (or 1) less to cast.	3/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Monsterizer		mythic	Artifact	240	C	3	Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control or an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put an unethical counter on The Monsterizer.
T: Target creature you control has base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of unethical counters on The Monsterizer. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIronblood's Exo-Suit		mythic	Artifact — Equipment 	237	C	1	Whenever equipped creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then you may remove a counter from it. If you do, it deals 1 damage to any target.
Equip 2
Whenever a 1/1 creature enters under your control, you may return Ironblood’s Exo-Suit from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Mechanical Cannibal	WR	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	217	WR	RW	Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, The Mechanical Cannibal gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that spell’s mana value. If it’s a permanent spell, you may have The Mechanical Cannibal become a copy of it until end of turn, except it’s still an artifact creature in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe 50-Foot Womanizer	WB	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	198	WB	2WB	Ward—Sacrifice two creatures
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield or dies, put a +1/+1 counter on The 50-Foot Womanizer. Then if its power is 50 or more, each opponent loses the game.	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Ape from Beneath the Sea	UG	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	218	UG	3GU	Whenever you cast a spell, if its mana value is prime, draw a card. (2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, and 29 are prime numbers.)
Each other creature you control with a prime mana value enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	3/7		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECount Graf von Ironblood	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	199	WB	2WB	Vigilance
Other nonartifact creatures get -1/-1.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, each player loses 1 life.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFlorp Wrangler	UB	rare	Creature — Human Ranger 	183	UB	UB	T: Draw a card, then discard a card.
XU/B, T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard with mana value X: Create a token that’s a copy of the exiled card. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMETura the Motorpsycho	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	212	BG	1BG	Lifelink, haste
Whenever a nontoken artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Death's Head	B	rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	103	B	2B	Flying
The Death’s Head’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.
Crew 2	*/*		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBarren Encampment		rare	Land — Plains Swamp 	252	WB		(T: Add W or B.)
Barren Encampment enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Barren Encampment: Add WB. Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGravity Well		rare	Land — Swamp Forest 	257	BG		(T: Add B or G)
Gravity Well enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Gravity Well: Add BG. Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGleaming Metropolis		rare	Land — Island Mountain 	255	UR		(T: Add U or R.)
Gleaming Metropolis enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Gleaming Metropolis: Add UR. Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERoiling Sands		rare	Land — Mountain Plains 	260	WR		(T: Add R or W.)
Roiling Sands enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Roiling Sands: Add RW. Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDoomsday Device	UB	rare	Artifact	182	UB	1UB	Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, put a doomsday counter on Doomsday Device. Then if there are seven or more doomsday counters on it, sacrifice it. When you do, each player shuffles, then exiles all but the bottom seven cards of their library.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPloob, Hand of Fobos	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Alien Pilot 	222	UG	2GU	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand.	4/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGenomic Goons	WG	rare	Creature — Mutant Soldier 	195	WG	XGW	Genomic Goons enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on Genomic Goons or another creature you control, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKeeper of the Silent Planet	BR	rare	Creature — Alien Gargoyle 	187	BR	3BR	Flying, trample
At the beginning of each player’s second main phase, that player chooses a creature they control. Destroy all other creatures that attacked this turn.	5/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAcular, Digital Nosferatu	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Vampire Illusion 	203	UR	UR	Flying
Artifacts you control have “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature named Acular, Digital Nosferatu. Activate only as a sorcery.”	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMENothing but Laser Wars	RG	rare	Sorcery	193	RG	2RG	Choose one —
• Creatures you control get +X/+X and gain trample until end of turn, where X is the number of artifact cards in your graveyard.
• Nothing but Laser Wars deals X damage to each creature, where X is the number of artifact cards in your graveyard. 			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGlimmervoid		rare	Land	256	C		At the beginning of the end step, if you control no artifacts, sacrifice Glimmervoid.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	TGS		REPRINTREPLACEMEZebulari Hunter	W	common	Creature — Horse Scout 	37	W	W	W, T, Tap an untapped artifact you control: Tap target creature.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMETitanium Tracker	W	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	34	W	1W	Vigilance
When Titanium Tracker enters the battlefield or dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	0/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMonkeying Around	W	common	Sorcery — Interstellar 	19	W	1W	Create a 2/2 red and white Ape creature token.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGleaming Emissary	W	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	12	W	1W	When Gleaming Emissary enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target Robot you control.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEStarwalk Opportunist	W	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	28	W	2W	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Starwalk Opportunist refines an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFobosian Lasersmith	W	common	Creature — Alien Artificer 	11	W	2W	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under you control or is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGeodesic Haven		common	Land	254	C		Geodesic Haven enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it.
T: Add C.
T, Remove a charge counter from Geodesic Haven: Add one mana of any color.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESchematic Prodigy	W	common	Creature — Human Rebel 	25	W	3W	Vigilance
Schematic Prodigy gets +2/+0 as long as you control a Robot.	2/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAssault Hellephant	W	common	Creature — Elephant 	5	W	4W	Flying
When Assault Hellephant enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.	3/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGung-Ho Gunship	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	14	W	4WW	Flying
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Gung-Ho Gunship refines an artifact, put a flying counter on target creature you control.	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECosmic Sabotage	W	common	Instant — Interstellar 	7	W	2W	Cosmic Sabotage deals 4 damage to target tapped creature.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEColossus Capsule	W	common	Artifact	6	W	2W	When Colossus Capsule enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Colossus Capsule leaves the battlefield.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAll Will Be Steel	W	common	Instant	3	W	W	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+2, gains flying, and becomes a Robot artifact creature in addition to its other types.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDimensional Potential	W	common	Sorcery	10	W	W	Choose one —
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Planet of Creation	W	mythic	Sorcery	21	W	2WW	Return all nonland permanent cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Orbit 3 (Exile this spell with three orbit counters on it when it resolves. Remove one when a land enters under your control. Cast it without paying its costs when the last is removed.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMECastle Ironblood		mythic	Legendary Land	253	C		T: Add C.
T, Exile two artifact cards from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 black Villain creature token. Activate only if there are five or more artifact cards in your graveyard.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Robot on the Box Art	W	rare	Artifact Creature — Robot 	24	W	1WW	First strike
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When The Robot on the Box Art refines an artifact, each player chooses any number of creatures they control with total power 4 or less, then sacrifices all other creatures they control.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMETerrore Nello Spazio	W	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Pilot 	33	W	4W	Whenever Terrore Nello Spazio becomes blocked by a creature, it deals 1 damage to that creature and you gain 1 life.	5/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEQuiescent Perils	W	rare	Sorcery	23	W	3WW	Choose one or both —
• Destroy all artifacts.
• Destroy all nonartifact creatures.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESurvey the Mindscape	W	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	30	W	2W	Exile any number of target creatures you control. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETyrannosaurus X	W	rare	Creature — Dinosaur Soldier 	35	W	2W	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Double strike	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMENone of Them Knew They Were Robots	WU	rare	Artifact Creature — Robot 	180	WU	WU	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 Robot artifact creature instead of into your graveyard as it resolves.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAll You Need Is Killbot	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot Assassin 	4	W	2W	When All You Need Is Killbot enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
3W, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIntrepid Heartthrobs	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	17	W	1W	When Intrepid Heartthrobs enters the battlefield, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
Whenever you warpjump, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn. (You don’t have to reveal or cast a card.)	3/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECyberspine Pursuer	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	9	W	1W	When Cyberspine Pursuer dies, you may put it  into its owner’s library second from the top. When you do, create a 1/1 white Robot artifact creature token.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpatial Abductor	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	27	W	1W	Flying
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Spatial Abductor refines an artifact, exile target artifact or creature an opponent controls until Spatial Abductor leaves the battlefield.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMetal Rex	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	18	W	2W	Other Robots you control get +1/+0.
Non-Robot creatures enter the battlefield tapped.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEOne More Flight	W	uncommon	Instant — Interstellar 	20	W	1W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped with a flying counter on it.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInquisitive Mopulons	W	uncommon	Creature — Alien Pilot 	15	W	3W	Vigilance
Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Inquisitive Mopulons. Then if this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEStranger in a Strange Land	W	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	29	W	2W	Vigilance
Sacrifice Stranger in a Strange Land: Until end of turn, triggered abilities don’t trigger.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpacestacean	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Lobster 	26	W	1W	Lifelink
Spacestacean has first strike as long as it’s attacking.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFalse Marianne		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot  	235	C	7	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact creature you control.
Vigilance	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECreatures from the Id	W	uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	8	W	2W	Exile target nonland permanent if it’s tapped.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEYou're Coming with Me	W	uncommon	Instant	36	W	W	Exile target nonland permanent with mana value X or less, where X is the greatest power among Robots you control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPlot-Relevant Timehole	W	uncommon	Artifact	22	W	W	When Plot-Relevant Timehole enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile target artifact or creature not named Plot-Relevant Timehole, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETechnological Leap	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	31	W	W	Flash
Enchant creature
When enchanted creature dies, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter and a flying counter on it. It’s a Vehicle artifact with crew 2.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERelentless Orbulus	U	common	Creature — Alien Ooze 	68	U	1U	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature can’t be blocked by artifact creatures.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERaygun Renegade	U	common	Creature — Alien Rogue 	67	U	2U	Mindmeld 2 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +2/+2 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, scry 2.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPsionic Extrapolator	U	common	Creature — Alien Warlock 	66	U	2U	When Psionic Extrapolator enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMister Galactica	U	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	60	U	2U	Vigilance
T: Add U. Spend this mana only to cast an artifact spell or activate an ability of an artifact source.	2/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPanzer Destroyer	U	common	Creature — Bird Rogue 	62	U	3U	Flying
Whenever Panzer Destroyer attacks, another target attacking creature can’t be blocked this turn.	2/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpace Bat	U	common	Creature — Alien Bat 	69	U	4U	Flying
When Space Bat enters the battlefield, exile up to one target artifact you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMech-Piloted Mech	U	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	57	U	4UU	Whenever Mech-Piloted Mech attacks, you may tap another untapped Robot you control. If you do, Mech-Piloted Mech can’t be blocked this turn.
1, Discard Mech-Piloted Mech: Warpjump. Activate only as a sorcery. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	5/6		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBeyond the Superego	U	common	Instant	41	U	U	Until end of turn, target creature you control becomes an artifact and gains hexproof. (It’s no longer a creature this turn.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBite of the Mind Parasite	U	common	Instant	42	U	1U	Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 2. Counter that spell instead if you control a creature with mindmeld.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInto the Singularity	U	common	Instant — Interstellar 	53	U	1U	Scry 2, then draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHermetic Capsule		common	Artifact	236	C	2	2, T, Sacrifice another artifact: Draw a card and put a charge counter on Hermetic Capsule.
Remove three charge counters from Hermetic Capsule: Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMELiminal Zone	U	common	Artifact	55	U	1U	When Liminal Zone enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls with mana value 3 or less phases out until Liminal Zone leaves the battlefield. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEnter Hypersleep	U	common	Sorcery — Interstellar 	49	U	3U	Target creature’s owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFold into the Sixth Dimension	U	common	Sorcery	52	U	3U	Put target nonland permanent into its owner’s library second from the top.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMachine Singularity	U	mythic	Sorcery — Interstellar 	56	U	4UUU	Take an extra turn after this one. Put a +1/+1 counter on each Robot you control. Exile Machine Singularity.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Planet of Psionics	U	mythic	Sorcery	63	U	3UU	Create a token that’s a copy of target nonland permanent.
Orbit 3 (Exile this spell with three orbit counters on it when it resolves. Remove one when a land enters under your control. Cast it without paying its costs when the last is removed.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEArchitechnologist	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Robot 	39	U	2U	Ward 2
You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may cast artifact spells from the top of your library. Robot spells cast this way enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDrifting Cosmonaut	U	rare	Creature — Human Pilot 	47	U	1U	Flying
When Drifting Cosmonaut enters the battlefield, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Drifting Cosmonaut.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECaptive Wormhole		rare	Artifact	228	C	4	If an artifact entering the battlefield or being put into your graveyard from the battlefield causes a triggered ability you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPonderous Cerebrox	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Alien Cyborg 	64	U	2U	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Ponderous Cerebrox refines an artifact, draw a number of cards equal to that artifact’s mana value, then discard two cards.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECosmoteuthis	U	rare	Creature — Alien Squid 	45	U	3U	Flying
When Cosmoteuthis enters the battlefield, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
1U: Return Cosmoteuthis to its owner’s hand.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBlorbax Exemplar	U	rare	Creature — Alien Rogue 	43	U	UU	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, look at that many cards from the top of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEConsult the Dinoracle	U	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	44	U	1UU	Draw a card for each spell you’ve cast this turn. (Including this one.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFederation Droptrooper	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	50	U	2U	Flash
Flying
When Federation Droptrooper enters the battlefield, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFederation Hotshot	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	51	U	2U	Mindmeld 2 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +2/+2 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Flying, vigilance	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECyberspine Neuromancer	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	46	U	1U	As long as Cyberspine Neuromancer is tapped, it’s a 3/2 Robot artifact creature.	0/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMewing Modem	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot Cat 	58	U	U	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature attacks, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-0 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpacetime Entity	U	uncommon	Creature — Avatar 	70	U	2U	Flying
Spacetime Entity’s power is equal to the greatest mana value among instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard.	*/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIt Came from Fobos!	U	uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	54	U	2U	Create an X/X blue Alien creature token, where X is the number of cards in your graveyard that are an artifact, an instant, or a sorcery.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMimetic Genetics	U	uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	59	U	3U	Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPortable Brain Unit	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	65	U	1U	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw two cards. If you do, discard a card.
Equip Robot 1
Equip 3			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAstral Taxi	U	uncommon	Artifact	40	U	U	Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, put a +1/+1 counter on Astral Taxi.
2: Astral Taxi becomes a 0/0 Robot artifact creature until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEStudy their Metal Brains	U	uncommon	Instant	71	U	3U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you control a Robot.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAstral Projection		uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	1	C	4	Create a token that’s a copy of target artifact or creature you control, except it isn’t legendary.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEmbiggen the Mind	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	48	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Embiggen the Mind enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
5UU, Sacrifice Embiggen the Mind: Gain control of enchanted creature.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEOverly-Detailed Schematics	U	uncommon	Artifact	61	U	2U	Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
2, T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETime's Hand	U	uncommon	Artifact	72	U	1UU	Flash
When Time’s Hand enters the battlefield, counter target spell.
When Time’s Hand is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, scry 1.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEI Was a Teenage Skeletron	B	common	Artifact Creature — Robot Zombie 	88	B	3B	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When I Was a Teenage Skeletron refines an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter and a menace counter on it.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFederation Commando	B	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	82	B	2B	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Flying	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEVillain of the Week	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Villain 	106	B	1B	Deathtouch
T, Sacrifice Villain of the Week: Warpjump. You can’t activate this ability during combat. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHyperspace Hustler	B	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	87	B	1B	T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMoon Marauder	B	common	Creature — Skeleton Pilot 	93	B	3B	2B, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card. If the sacrificed creature was an artifact, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHapless Hotrod	B	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	85	B	3B	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Hapless Hotrod refines an artifact, it deals 2 damage to any target and you gain 2 life.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMETyrant from Beyond the Stars	B	common	Creature — Alien Noble 	105	B	2B	When Tyrant from Beyond the Stars enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Target opponent exiles a card from their hand.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Hubris of Man	B	common	Artifact Creature — Robot Demon 	86	B	4B	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When The Hubris of Man refines an artifact, each opponent sacrifices a creature.	5/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEColossal Horsefly	B	common	Creature — Insect 	75	B	5B	Flying
When Colossal Horsefly enters the battlefield, return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFobosian Deathvines	B	common	Instant — Interstellar 	84	B	3BB	Destroy target battle, creature, or planeswalker.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIron Reprise	B	common	Instant	89	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.” If it’s an artifact creature, it enters with an additional menace counter on it.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEntirely Stable Reactor	B	common	Artifact	81	B	1B	When Entirely Stable Reactor enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDisruption Array		common	Artifact	231	C	2	When Disruption Array enters the battlefield, each opponent discards a card.
When Disruption Array is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, each player draws a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpace Murder	B	uncommon	Sorcery	100	B	1B	Destroy target non-Robot creature.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDredge the Scrap	B	common	Instant	80	B	1BB	Dredge the Scrap deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 2 life. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEQirauz, Spatial Voyager	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Qirauz 	96	B	3BB			[+1]: Mill three cards. You may put an artifact or creature card from among the milled cards into your hand.
[-4]: Each player sacrifices two creatures.
[-4]: Return target artifact or creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.	planeswalker	TGS	4	REPLACEMEThe Planet of Death	B	mythic	Sorcery	94	B	4BB	Separate all nonland permanents target player controls into two piles. That player sacrifices all permanents in the pile of their choice.
Orbit 3 (Exile this spell with three orbit counters on it when it resolves. Remove one when a land enters under your control. Cast it without paying its costs when the last is removed.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFobosian Death Corps	B	rare	Creature — Alien Skeleton 	83	B	2B	Menace
Whenever Fobosian Death Corps becomes mindmelded with a creature, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPsyk-Out Bomb	B	rare	Artifact	95	B	1B	Whenever a player casts a spell other than the first one they cast during each of their turns, that player loses 3 life.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETerrified Terraformer	B	rare	Creature — Human Pilot 	102	B	2B	When Terrified Terraformer enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
You may have basic Swamps you control enter the battlefield as a copy of Terrified Terraformer.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIronblood Trooper	B	rare	Creature — Human Villain 	90	B	2BB	As Ironblood Trooper enters the battlefield, you may pay any amount of life. Ironblood Trooper enters the battlefield tapped with that many +1/+1 counters on it.
Mindmeld X, where X is Ironblood Trooper’s power. (At the beginning of combat, you may tap it to give another target creature +X/+X until end of turn.)	0/0		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEExosphere Rover		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	233	C	3	Whenever another artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may exile it.
Whenever Exosphere Rover attacks, return up to one card exiled with it to its owner’s hand.
Crew 3	6/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMark for Annihilation	B	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	92	B	3B	Look at target opponent’s hand and choose two cards from it. That player may discard both of them. If they don’t, exile one of them, the search that player’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEObservation Post		rare	Land — Forest Island 	259	UG		(T: Add G or U.)
Observation Post enters the battlefield tapped.
2, T, Sacrifice Observation Post: Add GU. Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMELaser-Guided Atomic Murder-Hound	B	common	Artifact Creature — Robot Dog 	91	B	B	When Laser-Guided Atomic Murder-Hound dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECurious Robotron	B	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	78	B	2B	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Menace (This creature can’t be blocked except by two or more creatures.)	3/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBasher Brothers	B	uncommon	Creature — Alien  Berserker 	74	B	3B	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player loses life equal to the number of artifact cards in your graveyard.	2/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESinister Skinwearer	B	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	99	B	1B	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Sinister Skinwearer refines an artifact, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEVivacious Electropunk	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	107	B	2B	Whenever Vivacious Electropunk deals combat damage to a player, if it was attacking alone, choose target creature card in your graveyard. If its mana value is less than or equal to the damage dealt, return it to the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, return it to your hand.	3/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECurious Carver	B	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	77	B	B	When Curious Carver enters the battlefield or dies, mill two cards.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThrough the Void	B	common	Sorcery	104	B	B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 4 or sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEResurrection Helm	B	uncommon	Artifact	97	B	3BB	When Resurrection Helm enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDemon Core	B	uncommon	Artifact	79	B	3B	Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, target creature defending player controls get -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESinister Probe	B	uncommon	Sorcery	98	B	1B	Choose one —
• Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
• Destroy target Human.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEJury-Rigged Device		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	238	C	1	Haste
Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, Jury-Rigged Device becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Crew 2	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECome in Peace	B	uncommon	Instant	76	B	1B	Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of permanent cards in your graveyard.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAwake from Stasis	B	uncommon	Sorcery	73	B	BB	Return up to two target artifact and/or creature cards from your graveyard to your hand. You lose 2 life.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEExuberant Gremulon	R	common	Creature — Alien Warrior 	117	R	1R	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Haste	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEManufacturing Line	R	common	Sorcery — Interstellar 	128	R	1R	Create two 1/1 white Robot artifact creature tokens.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDemonsterizer Squad	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	115	R	1R	When Demonsterizer Squad enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any nonartifact target.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHapless Hero	R	common	Creature — Human Ranger 	120	R	2R	When Hapless Hero enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Target creature you control gains double strike until end of turn.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECombat Chassis	R	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	113	R	2R	Mindmeld 2 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +2/+2 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature has first strike as long as it’s attacking.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKooky Spooker	R	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	125	R	2R	Menace (This creature can’t be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Whenever Kooky Spooker attacks alone, the next spell you cast this turn costs R (or 1) less to cast.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPlatinum Pin-up	R	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	133	R	3R	Reach
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Platinum Pin-up refines an artifact, it gets +1/+1 and gains haste until end of turn.	4/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERusty Slugger		common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	243	C	5	Whenever Rusty Slugger attacks, you may put a stun counter on it. If you do, it gets +1/+1 and gains menace until end of turn. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEChitinous Skitterer	R	common	Creature — Alien Beast 	112	R	4R	Reach
1, Discard Chitinous Skitterer: Warpjump. Activate only as a sorcery. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	4/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERaging Wrath of the Robot	R	common	Sorcery — Interstellar 	134	R	1R	This spell can’t be countered.
Damage can’t be prevented this turn. Raging Wrath of the Robot deals 2 damage to any target			normal	TGS		REPLACEMECross the Wrong Robot	R	common	Instant — Interstellar 	114	R	R	Target creature you control gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn. When that creature dies this turn, create a 1/1 white Robot artifact creature token.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEVibro-Mind	R	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	141	R	R	When Vibro-Mind enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMELaser Storm	R	common	Instant	126	R	1R	Choose one —
• Laser Storm deals 2 damage to any target.
• Destroy target artifact.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEJourney into the Wormhole	R	common	Instant	122	R	4R	Journey into the Wormhole deals 6 damage to target creature, planeswalker, or battle. If a permanent you don’t control dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBattle Beyond the Stars	R	mythic	Battle — Conflict 	109	R	2R	(As this enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it.)
When Battle Beyond the Stars enters the battlefield, if it was cast, draw three cards.
Skip your draw step.			normal	TGS	3	REPLACEMEThe Planet of Hellfire	R	mythic	Sorcery	132	R	4RR	Until the end of your next turn, whenever you cast a spell or whenever a creature you control attacks, that spell or permanent deals 2 damage to target opponent.
Orbit 3 (Exile this spell with three orbit counters on it when it resolves. Remove one when a land enters under your control. Cast it without paying its costs when the last is removed.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERider from the Edge of Space	R	rare	Creature — Alien Devil 	135	R	1RR	Trample, haste
Whenever Rider from the Edge of Space attacks, you may discard a card. If you do, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERrröööaaarrr	R	rare	Sorcery	137	R	2RR	Choose one —
• Damage can’t be prevented this turn. Rrröööaaarrr deals 3 damage to each creature and to each battle you control.
• Destroy all artifacts.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFiery Dragonaut	R	rare	Creature — Dragon Pilot 	118	R	3RR	Flying
When Fiery Dragonaut enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to any target, where X is the number of artifact cards in your graveyard.
R, Sacrifice an artifact: Fiery Dragonaut gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	5/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKing Gizzard's Electric Lizard	R	rare	Creature — Viashino Warrior 	123	R	1R	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature attacks alone, it deals damage equal to its power to the player or permanent it’s attacking.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMELonesome Droid		rare	Artifact Creature — Robot 	239	C	4	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Lonesome Droid refines an artifact, create a 1/1 white Robot artifact creature token.
When Lonesome Droid dies, create a 3/3 green Robot artifact creature token for each artifact that was put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	4/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEOne Hell of a Trip	R	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	131	R	2RR	The owner of target artifact or creature shuffles it into their library, then reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a card that shares a type with that permanent. They put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEWorld Collider	R	rare	Artifact	142	R	2R	When World Collider enters the battlefield, destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Whenever a spell or ability causes an opponent to shuffle their library, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBlorbax Quickshot	R	uncommon	Creature — Alien Rogue 	111	R	R	Blorbax Quickshot has double strike as long as it’s attacking alone.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBerzerk Robotron	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	110	R	3R	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Berzerk Robotron refines an artifact, it deals 4 damage to any target.	4/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpace Ace	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Pilot 	139	R	2R	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature deals excess combat damage, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAirdropped Android	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	108	R	1R	Haste
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Airdropped Android refines an artifact, other creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain haste until end of turn.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKlaxular Architects	R	uncommon	Creature — Alien Pilot 	124	R	1R	When Klaxular Architects enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you don’t, choose one. If you do, choose both.
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMerciless Meddler	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Villain 	129	R	3R	Flash
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Merciless Meddler refines an artifact, you may choose new targets for target spell or ability.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMELuminous Tubeman	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	127	R	R	Haste
Whenever another artifact enters the battlefield under your control or is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, Luminous Tubeman gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDesperate Juke	R	uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	116	R	1R	Choose one —
• Exile target artifact.
• Return target artifact card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESkeletron's Revenge	R	uncommon	Sorcery	138	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or exile three artifact cards from your graveyard.
Exile the top three cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play those cards.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAugmented Overlay		uncommon	Artifact	227	C	3	As Augmented Overlay enters the battlefield, exile a land card from your graveyard or hand.
Augmented Overlay has all activated abilities of the exiled card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMENo One Can Hear You Explode	R	uncommon	Sorcery	130	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
No One Can Hear You Explode deals 5 damage to any target.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHigh-Speed Malfunction	R	uncommon	Sorcery — Interstellar 	121	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
High-Speed Malfunction deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of targets, where X is the sacrificed artifact’s mana value.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEGrafted Facegun	R	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	119	R	1R	When Grafted Facegun enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control. That creature gets +2/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 2			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETo Hold the World	R	uncommon	Sorcery	140	R	2R	Gain control of target artifact or creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHunter-Killer	G	common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	156	G	1G	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Hunter-Killer refines an artifact, destroy target artifact or enchantment.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFertile Grub	G	common	Creature — Insect 	153	G	1G	Fertile Grub enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
1G, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Fertile Grub: You may play an additional land this turn.	0/0		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESkittering Laserbug	G	common	Artifact Creature — Insect 	171	G	1G	When Skittering Laserbug dies, create a 3/3 green Robot artifact creature token.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESumpgrubbler Swarm	G	common	Creature — Insect Druid 	173	G	2G	Reach
When Sumpgrubbler Swarm enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
• Sumpgrubbler Swarm deals 2 damage to target creature with flying.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpacehulk Salvager	G	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	172	G	2G	Vigilance
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Spacehulk Salvager refines an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAce of Hertz		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	224	C	3	Ace of Hertz enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
When Ace of Hertz dies, each opponent loses life equal to the number of counters on it.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEOrnery Zippulon	G	common	Creature — Alien Beast 	161	G	3G	Vigilance
Ornery Zippulon enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you’ve sacrificed an artifact this turn or if there are two or more artifact cards in your graveyard.	4/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDoomed Marine	G	common	Creature — Viashino Warrior 	151	G	4G	Reach
When Doomed Marine enters the battlefield, you may exile an artifact card from your graveyard. If you do, draw a card.	3/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMassive Mantis	G	common	Creature — Alien Insect 	159	G	5G	When Massive Mantis enters the battlefield, put a trample counter on each of up to two target creatures.	5/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFiend from the Dracula Nebula	G	rare	Creature — Vampire Rogue 	154	G	2G	Mindmeld 2 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +2/+2 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature attacks, it gains your choice of deathtouch or trample until end of turn.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThunderous Overhand	G	common	Instant	175	G	2G	This spell costs 2 less to cast if a creature you control dealt combat damage to a player this turn.
Target creature you control deals damage equal to twice its power to target creature you don’t control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESurvive the Storm	G	common	Instant	174	G	1G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains reach, hexproof, and shielded until end of turn. (Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEndless Frontiers	G	common	Sorcery — Interstellar 	152	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESafety Coffin	G	common	Artifact	167	G	1G	When Safety Coffin enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Planet of Genesis	G	mythic	Sorcery	162	G	5GG	Create two X/X blue Alien creature tokens, where X is the number of permanents you control.
Orbit 3 (Exile this spell with three orbit counters on it when it resolves. Remove one when a land enters under your control. Cast it without paying its costs when the last is removed.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEApoblap, Fobosian Warlord	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Alien Scientist 	143	G	1GG	Trample
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. 	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECyberspine Drone	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Drone 	149	G	1G	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Cyberspine Drone enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then if it refined an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMENuclear Tighthead	G	rare	Creature — Alien Mutant 	160	G	2G	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature attacks each combat if able.
You may play an additional land on each of your turns.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEReduce to Mulch	G	rare	Sorcery	164	G	3G	Choose one or more —
• Destroy target artifact creature.
• Destroy target Equipment.
• Destroy target noncreature, non-Equipment artifact.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEUnited Aerospace Corps	G	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	176	G	4G	Flash
Whenever United Aerospace Corps enters the battlefield or attacks, return target permanent card not named United Aerospace Corps from your graveyard to your hand.	4/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEApeirohedron		rare	Artifact	226	C	4	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have more than 100 cards in your library, you may sacrifice Apeirohedron. If you do, create an X/X blue Alien creature token, where X is the difference.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESecurely-Confined Specimen	G	rare	Creature — Alien Beast 	168	G	2GG	This spell can’t be countered.
Ward—Sacrifice an artifact. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player sacrifices an artifact.)
Trample, haste	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInterplanetary Plasma	G	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	157	G	2GG	Distribute six +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEFobosian Gene-Tyrant	G	uncommon	Creature — Alien Scientist 	155	G	2G	When Fobosian Gene-Tyrant enters the battlefield, put three +1/+1 counters on up to one target land you control. That land becomes a 0/0 Mutant creature. It gains haste until end of turn.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAuntie Gravity	G	common	Creature — Human Ranger 	145	G	2G	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAstral Herdcaller	G	uncommon	Creature — Elephant 	144	G	2G	Vigilance
You may cast Astral Herdcaller from your graveyard as long as a creature you control dealt combat damage to a player this turn. If you do, it enters the battlefield with a finality counter on it. (If a creature with a finality counter on it would die, exile it instead.)	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAyatollah of Rock 'n' Rolla	G	uncommon	Creature — Alien Mutant 	146	G	2GG	Reach, trample
Whenever one or more counters are put on Ayatollah of Rock ‘n’ Rolla, it gains shielded until end of turn. (Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it.)	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDimetrotron	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot Lizard 	150	G	2G	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
Whenever a creature you control refines an artifact, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEClash Beyond Space	G	uncommon	Sorcery	148	G	1G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control with power X or greater.
Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value X.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEShambling Tobaxid	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Warrior 	169	G	1GG	When Shambling Tobaxid enters the battlefield, you may have it fight up to one target artifact creature or creature with flying.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Big Ticket	G	uncommon	Creature — Alien Mutant Giant 	147	G	4G	Trample
Whenever The Big Ticket attacks, if an artifact or creature was put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn, draw a card.	4/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERebellion of the Biomutants	G	uncommon	Sorcery	163	G	3GG	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Those creatures get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Robot's Garden	G	uncommon	Enchantment	165	G	1G	When The Robot’s Garden enters the battlefield, draw a card, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
1G, Sacrifice The Robot’s Garden: Create a 3/3 green Robot artifact creature token. Activate only if a creature you control dealt combat damage to a player this turn.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEVibration Amplifier	G	uncommon	Artifact	177	G	2G	When Vibration Amplifier enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has vigilance and “T: Add one mana of any color.”			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKeeper of Prospero	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Ranger 	158	G	1G	When Keeper of Prospero enters the battlefield, create a Treasure token.  (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever an artifact you control enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEShiny Macguffin	G	uncommon	Artifact	170	G	2G	T: Add G.
When Shiny Macguffin is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, create an X/X blue Alien creature token, where X is the number of artifact cards in your graveyard.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDuplication Array	UG	rare	Artifact	220	UG	1GU	Each creature you control enters the battlefield with a comeback counter on it if it was cast.
Whenever a creature you control dies, if it had a comeback counter on it, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESplatter	BG	rare	Sorcery	211	BG	1BG	Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMECosmic Debris	WR	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	214	WR	RW	Cosmic Debris deals 4 damage to target battle, creature, or planeswalker. You gain life equal to the excess damage dealt this way.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEscape from the Iron Planet	WU	rare	Sorcery	178	WU	3WU	Return target nonartifact permanent to its owner’s hand. Draw cards equal to that permanent’s mana value.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPolarity Pursuer	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	188	BR	BR	Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other tapped creature you control.	1/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMELunar Interloper	RG	rare	Creature — Alien 	192	RG	2RG	When Lunar Interloper enters the battlefield, destroy target nonbasic land an opponent controls. Each player searches their library for a basic land card, puts it onto the battlefield, then shuffles.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESmall Game Hunter	WG	rare	Creature — Alien Soldier 	197	WG	1GW	When Small Game Hunter enters the battlefield, exile up to one target creature until Small Game Hunter leaves the battlefield.
Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has all the activated abilities of the exiled card.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDigital Archive	UR	rare	Sorcery — Interstellar 	204	UR	2UR	Choose one —
• Choose target artifact. Until end of turn, each creature you control becomes a copy of the chosen artifact.
• Choose target creature. Until end of turn, each artifact you control becomes a copy of the chosen creature.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPainframe Analyst	BG	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	209	BG	2BG	When Painframe Analyst enters the battlefield or dies, return up to one target artifact or creature card not named Painframe Analyst from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIron Brain	UB	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Orb 	184	UB	UB	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
When this creature dies, each opponent loses 1 life, you gain 1 life, and you draw a card.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEQuantum Surveyor	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Ranger 	189	BR	1BR	Mindmeld 2 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +2/+2 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature attacks alone, create a 1/1 white Robot artifact creature token.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECyberspine Exterminator	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Cyborg 	190	RG	1RG	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Cyberspine Exterminator refines an artifact, put a double strike counter on it.
2: Cyberspine Exterminator gets +1/+0 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEArmored Titan	WG	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	194	WG	1GW	Vigilance
Armored Titan enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.
When Armored Titan dies, distribute its counters among creatures you control.	0/0		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEScuttling Death	WB	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Crab 	201	WB	1WB	When Scuttling Death dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEZero-Hour Responder	WU	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	181	WU	1WU	Vigilance
When Zero-Hour Responder enters the battlefield, mill three cards. You may put a Robot or artifact creature card from among the cards milled this way into your hand.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDusky Titanrise	UR	uncommon	Instant — Interstellar 	205	UR	1UR	Exile the top three cards of your library. You may put one of them into your hand. You may play the others this turn.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInterplanar Prophet	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	216	WR	1RW	Whenever Interplanar Prophet attacks, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMETireless Engineer	UB	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Artificer 	185	UB	UB	Whenever one more creatures you control become tapped, if they aren’t being declared as attackers, you may pay 1 life. If you do, draw a card.	1/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Host with the Most	RG	uncommon	Creature — Alien Bard 	191	RG	RG	Whenever you sacrifice a nontoken artifact, create a tapped Treasure token and The Host with the Most deals 1 damage to each opponent. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMoonfall Trundler	WG	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	196	WG	GW	Trample
Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on another non-Vehicle permanent you control, put a +1/+1 counter on Moonfall Trundler.
Crew 1	0/0		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEUnobtanium Obtainer	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Ranger 	202	WB	WB	Lifelink
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Unobtanium Obtainer refines an artifact, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESerpenor from the Snake Nebula	BG	uncommon	Creature — Lizard Beast 	210	BG	BG	Serpenor from the Snake Nebula’s power is equal to the number of permanent cards in your graveyard	*/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDoctor Wolfenstein	UG	uncommon	Creature — Werewolf Scientist 	219	UG	GU	Defender, trample
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on Doctor Wolfenstein.
As long as Doctor Wolfenstein’s power is 5 or greater, it can attack as though it didn’t have defender.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHyperdriver	UR	uncommon	Creature — Alien Pilot 	206	UR	2UR	When Hyperdriver enters the battlefield, warpjump. If you cast a spell this way, it costs up to UR (or 2) less to cast. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
If you would warpjump, you may draw a card instead.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDaring Chimponaut	WR	uncommon	Creature — Ape Ranger 	215	WR	2RW	When Daring Chimponaut enters the battlefield, warpjump. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)
If you would warpjump, you may create a 2/2 red and white Ape creature token instead.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBehold the Gates of Beyond		common	Instant — Interstellar 	2	C	2	Choose one —
• Create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
• Draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESilver Saviour		common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	244	C	4	When Silver Saviour enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEUnderestimated Prototype		common	Artifact Creature — Robot 	251	C	6	Trample
When Underestimated Prototype enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a Robot card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEscape Rocket		common	Artifact	232	C	1	When Escape Rocket is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a tapped Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
3, T, Sacrifice Escape Rocket: Warpjump. Activate only as a sorcery. (You may reveal and cast an Interstellar card you own from outside the game.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMETomorrow Engine		common	Artifact	250	C	1	1, T, Sacrifice Tomorrow Engine: Add one mana of any color.
When Tomorrow Engine is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpectacular Tentaculon		common	Artifact Creature — Squid 	246	C	3	Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 and the following abilities until end of turn.)
Reach	2/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECosmic Brain		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Zombie 	230	C	2	1, T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Cosmic Brain.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMESynthetic Screamer		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Zombie 	249	C	2	Haste
Whenever Synthetic Screamer enters the battlefield or dies, you may put target card from a graveyard on the bottom of its owner’s library.	2/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMECathodion		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	229	C	3	When Cathodion dies, add CCC.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPRINTREPLACEMESmasher-Masher		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot 	245	C	2	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or pay 2.
Trample	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEParadise Seven		uncommon	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	241	C	1	Flying
7, T, Sacrifice Paradise Seven: Destroy target permanent.
Crew 3	6/6		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEStasis Helm		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	247	C	3	Flash
When Stasis Helm enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control. That creature gains shielded until end of turn. (Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it.)
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 2			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESubtle Sidearm		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	248	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has “T: This creature deals 1 damage to any target. Sacrifice Subtle Sidearm at the beginning of the next end step.”
Equip 2			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERobotron Reactor		uncommon	Artifact	242	C	2	When Robotron Reactor enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Robot artifact creature token with mindmeld 1. (At the beginning of combat, you may tap it to give another target creature +1/+1 until end of turn.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Iron Gates of Fate		uncommon	Land — Gate 	258	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice a Gate: Search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESpace Hulk		uncommon	Land	261	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Exile an artifact card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 blue Robot artifact creature token with mindmeld 1. Activate only as a sorcery. (At the beginning of combat, you may tap it to give another target creature +1/+1 until end of turn.)			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	273	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	274	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	276	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	278	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	280	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEDraft Archetypes		common		9	WUBRG		WU ROBOTS The way of all flesh is defeat. Beep Boop.
UB MINDMELD Tap your creatures with the power of your mind hammer.
BR MINDMELD Attack alone, heedless of the danger.
RG REFINE Push forward aggressively through sacrifice.
GW COUNTERS +1/+1 counters are vital throughout the galaxy.
WB REFINE Play the long game, sacrifice early and win late.
BG GRIND In space, the graveyard is only a temporary respite.
GU SABOTEUR Combat damage triggers are great, and so is combat damage.
UR INTERSTELLAR Cast spells from beyond the dark side of the moon.
RW INTERSTELLAR Your warpjumping creatures are your path to success.			token	TGS		REPLACEMEAmphibious Adventurer	U	common	Creature — Frog Rogue 	38	U	1U	Whenever Amphibious Adventurer deals damage to an opponent, draw a card.	1/1		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Iron Pharaoh	BG	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	208	BG	1BG	Deathtouch
Whenever The Iron Pharaoh attacks, you may exile an artifact creature card from your graveyard and pay life equal to that card’s mana value. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEThe Smashing Machine	UR	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	207	UR	3UR	Menace
Whenever The Smashing Machine deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of each player’s library, then choose a nonland card at random from among the exiled cards. Copy that card. You may cast the copy without paying its mana cost.	4/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInstructions Not Included	W	common	Sorcery	16	W	3W	Create two 1/1 white Robot artifact creature tokens, then distribute two +1/+1 counters among them.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEHalf a Mind	BR	rare	Artifact	186	BR	BR	At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more tapped creatures, you draw a card and each player loses 1 life.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEH-9K Prototype	WB	rare	Artifact Creature — Drone 	200	WB	1WB	Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When H-9K Prototype refines an artifact, destroy target nonland permanent.	3/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIntrepid Explorer	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	221	UG	GU	Whenever Intrepid Explorer deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
Discard a card: Intrepid Explorer gains shielded until end of turn. (Prevent all damage that would be dealt to it.)	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEInorganic Overseer	WU	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Robot Noble 	179	WU	2WU	When Inorganic Overseer enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Robot artifact creature token.
Other Robots you control get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERugged Rover	G	common	Artifact Creature — Juggernaut 	166	G	4GG	Trample
Refine (When this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact.)
When Rugged Rover refines an artifact, draw a card.	6/4		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEExpendable Enemy		common	Artifact Creature — Robot Villain  	234	C	3		3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERobot	W	common	Token Artifact Creature — Robot 	2	W			1/1		token	TGS		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	8	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	TGS		REPLACEMEApe	WR	common	Token Creature — Ape 	7	WR			2/2		token	TGS		REPLACEMECaptain Flash Byrn	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Pilot 	213	WR	1RW	Captain Flash Byrn can’t block.
If Captain Flash Byrn would die, exile it instead. Return it to the battlefield at the beginning of your next upkeep. It gains haste.	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEKeyword counters		common		1	C					token	TGS		REPLACEMEDesolate Cluster		common	Land	264	BG		Desolate Cluster enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact.
T: Add B or G.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERetrograde Station		common	Land	269	WB		Retrograde Station enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add W or B.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEExtrasolar Climate		common	Land	266	WR		Extrasolar Climate enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add R or W.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEBrackish System		common	Land	263	UB		Brackish System enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add U or B.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEUncaring Sun		common	Land	271	WG		Uncaring Sun enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact.
T: Add G or W.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAstral Phenomenon		common	Land	262	UR		Astral Phenomenon enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add U or R.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEEldritch Expanse		common	Land	265	WU		Eldritch Expanse enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact.
T: Add W or U.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEResearch Outpost		common	Land	268	UG		Research Outpost enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add G or U.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMESilicate Flow		common	Land	270	BR		Silicate Flow enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact.
T: Add B or R.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEOutré Architecture		common	Land	267	RG		Outré Architecture enters the battlefield tapped unless you control  an artifact.
T: Add R or G.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERobot	G	common	Token Artifact Creature — Robot 	6	G			3/3		token	TGS		REPLACEMEStellar Nocturnus	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Pilot 	101	B	2BB	When Stellar Nocturnus deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card. If that player didn’t discard a nonland card this way, draw a card.	3/5		normal	TGS		REPLACEMERocket Socker	R	common	Instant	136	R	3R	Rocket Socker deals 4 damage to target creature. If it’s an artifact creature, instead Rocket Socker deals 4 damage to it and 2 damage to its controller.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMEAlien	U	common	Token Creature — Alien 	3	U			*/*		token	TGS		REPLACEMETenacity Engine	W	rare	Artifact	32	W	1W	If a player would draw a card except the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, that player skips that draw instead.			normal	TGS		REPLACEMERobot	U	common	Token Artifact Creature — Robot 	4	U		Mindmeld 1 (At the beginning of combat, you may tap this to give another target creature +1/+1 until end of turn.)	1/1		token	TGS		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	272	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	277	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	275	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	279	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	281	C					normal	TGS		REPLACEMEApoblap, Fobosian Warlord	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Alien Scientist 	282	G	1GG	Trample
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. 	3/3		normal	TGS		REPLACEMEVillain	B	common	Token Creature — Villain 	5	B			2/2		token	TGS		REPLACEMEAll Yesterday's Tomorrows		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	225	C	1	Flying, indestructible
Crew 10. This ability costs 1 less power to activate for each artifact card in your graveyard. (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 10 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	12/12		normal	TGS		REPLACEME