Orflaith's Solemn Oath	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Oath 	98	B	B	At the beginning of your end step, you may tap two untapped legendary permanents you control. If you do, Orflaith’s Solemn Oath is fulfilled.
When Orflaith’s Solemn Oath is fulfilled, exile it and destroy target legendary creature, legendary enchantment, or planeswalker.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEmpire's End	WB	mythic	Enchantment — Saga 	196	WB	2WB			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Exile target artifact or creature.
III — Destroy all artifact, creatures, and enchantments. Then return to the battlefield all permanents exiled with Empire’s End.
​	saga	MHQ		REPLACEMEExterminate	BR	common	Instant	197	BR	1BR	Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShilok, Lord of Blackwater	WR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Shilok 	214	WR	1RW			[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter and a haste counter on up to one target creature you control.
[-2]: Modified creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)
[-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever a creature you control dies, if it had counters on it, create a token that’s a copy of it.”	planeswalker	MHQ	3	REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	262	C					normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	263	C					normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	264	C					normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	265	C					normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	266	C					normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESubjugate	B	uncommon	Sorcery	108	B	1BB	Exile target planeswalker. Search its controller’s graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that planeswalker and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDepths of Tytheus	UG	mythic	Enchantment — Saga 	193	UG	2GU			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Target player mills five cards, then exiles their graveyard.
III — Create a green and blue Elder Horror creature token with “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards each player owns in exile.”
​	saga	MHQ		REPLACEMESearch for Fire	WR	mythic	Enchantment — Saga 	212	WR	RW			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
III — Search your library for an artifact card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. If it was an Equipment card, you may attach it to target creature you control.
​	saga	MHQ		REPLACEMEDreams of Quyrash	UR	mythic	Enchantment — Saga 	194	UR	1UR			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Spells you cast cost 1 less to cast until the end of your next turn.
III — Until end of turn, whenever you a cast a spell, create a token that’s a copy of target nonland permanent, except it’s an enchantment in addition to its other types.
​	saga	MHQ		REPLACEMESkies Over San Xalco	BG	mythic	Enchantment — Saga 	216	BG	1BG			(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Each player discards a card.
III — You may reveal a creature card with mana value 6 or less you own from outside the game and put it onto the battlefield.
​	saga	MHQ		REPLACEMESabotage	R	common	Sorcery	133	R	R	Exile target artifact.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMorstad Watcher		common	Artifact Creature — Relic Gargoyle 	237	C	2	Modular 1 (This creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)
T: Add C.	0/0		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGixian Remnant		common	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian 	231	C	H	(H can be paid with either 1 or 2 life.)
Fear (This creature can’t be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKushabi Effigy		common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	236	C	5	As long as your life total is less than half your starting life total, Kushabi Effigy has base power and toughness 7/7.	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGrafted Carapace		common	Artifact — Equipment 	233	C	2	Equipped creature has base power and toughness 4/4.
Equip 2			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPetrified Idol		common	Artifact	239	C	2	T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Petrified Idol: Return target land card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECult Chalice		common	Artifact	230	C	2	T: Scry 1. Put a blood counter on Cult Chalice.
T, Remove a blood counter from Cult Chalice: Add one mana of any color.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFirebrand Heretic	B	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	88	B	B	Firebrand Heretic can’t block and can’t be blocked.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERelentless Pursuer	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	99	B	1B	Relentless Pursuer has deathtouch as long as it’s modified. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)	3/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEYog's Avenger	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	114	B	1B	When Yog’s Avenger dies, put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESin-Clad Wight	B	common	Creature — Skeleton Knight 	105	B	2B	When Sin-Clad Wight enters the battlefield, you may return an artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. If you don’t, put a menace counter on Sin-Clad Wight.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDakhazi Legion	B	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton Army 	84	B	1BB	Dakhazi Legion’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of Skeletons you control plus the number of Skeleton cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShadow of the Piper	B	common	Creature — Nightmare Wizard 	103	B	2B	When Shadow of the Piper enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or enchantment card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECurious Starplucker	U	common	Creature — Dream 	48	U	3U	When Curious Starplucker enters the battlefield, draw two cards, then discard two cards.
Evoke 1U (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	2/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOgre Executioner	B	common	Creature — Ogre Assassin 	97	B	3B	As long as seven or more cards are in your graveyard, Ogre Executioner has menace.	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWrathful Sinner	B	common	Creature — Giant Warrior 	113	B	4B	As long as Wrathful Sinner is modified, it has undying. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications. When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	5/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMENecromancer's Opus	B	common	Creature — Giant Skeleton 	94	B	5B	Sacrifice three Skeletons: Return Necromancer’s Opus from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	6/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELursk's Dirge	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	92	B	1B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -3/-3.
Abstraction 1B (1B, Exile this card from your graveyard: Draw a card. Activate only as a sorcery.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDreams from Outer Spheres	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	85	B	B	Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.
Unearth 3B (3B: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECage of Ribs	B	common	Sorcery	79	B	B	Target player sacrifices a creature. If that player does, they create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOffering to Sotak	B	common	Instant	96	B	BB	Destroy target non-Ogre, non-Demon creature.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWisdom of Sotak	B	common	Instant	111	B	2B	You draw two cards, lose 2 life, and get two poison counters. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBeneath the Surface	B	common	Sorcery	78	B	B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card’s mana value is 2 or less, you may put it onto the battlefield tapped instead.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECarriage's Wail	B	common	Sorcery	80	B	2B	Target opponent discards two cards. If fewer than two cards were discarded this way, that player loses 3 life.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFade into Gloom	B	common	Instant	87	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 and gains indestructible until end of turn. If you control that creature, draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETear Apart	UB	common	Instant	218	UB	1UB	Choose one —
• Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 3.
• Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShambling Sporocarp	G	common	Creature — Fungus Mutant 	181	G	G	2G, Exile Shambling Sporocarp from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s 3/3.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKuzam Chieftan	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	167	G	1G	Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEScarwood Dryad	G	common	Creature — Dryad 	180	G	1G	Discard a card: Scarwood Dryad gains your choice of deathtouch or lifelink until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESabretooth Ambusher	G	common	Creature — Cat 	179	G	2G	You may cast Sabretooth Ambusher as though it had flash as long as a Human entered the battlefield or attacked this turn.	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDevotee of Geesh	G	common	Creature — Human Mutant 	157	G	2G	When Devotee of Geesh enters the battlefield, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHaptic Initiate	G	common	Artifact Creature — Human Drone 	162	G	3G	Madness 3 (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUndergrowth Overlord	G	common	Creature — Plant 	185	G	3G	1G, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Undergrowth Overlord gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEVerdant Predator	G	common	Creature — Elemental Cat 	187	G	3G	Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has haste and trample.	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWeepwood Recluse	G	common	Creature — Spider 	189	G	3GG	When Weepwood Recluse enters the battlefield, it deals X damage to target artifact creature or creature with flying, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.	4/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEArtificial Exemplar	G	common	Artifact Creature — Golem 	154	G	5G	When Artificial Exemplar enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 Construct artifact creature token, then distribute four +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWeepwood Mycoloth	G	common	Creature — Fungus Warrior 	188	G	5G	Human offering (You may cast this spell as though it had flash by sacrificing a Human and paying the difference in mana costs between this and the sacrificed Human. Mana cost includes color.)	5/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPrimordial Wrath	RG	common	Instant	208	RG	RG	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to any target.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKur's Pilgrimage	G	common	Sorcery	166	G	G	Mill three cards, then target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELeap the Demon Gate	G	common	Sorcery	169	G	G	Target creature you control has base power and toughness X/X until end of turn, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESurvivor's Memories	G	common	Sorcery	182	G	G	Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.  You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEJystani Gemskin	G	common	Enchantment Artifact — Aura 	165	G	G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPrimordial Mulch	G	common	Instant	175	G	1G	Destroy target creature with flying.
Elementalcycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for an Elemental card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFungal Webwork	G	common	Enchantment	160	G	G	Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Draw a card.”			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEReturn to the Sea	G	common	Instant	178	G	G	Exile target artifact or enchantment with mana value 2 or less.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECannibal Connoisseur	R	common	Creature — Human Processor 	118	R	R	Trample, haste
2R: Diverge 6/1 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 6/1 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESonic Resonator	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Bard 	140	R	1R	Modular 1 (This creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Sonic Resonator: Add R.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBladed Mirage	R	common	Creature — Sand Illusion 	115	R	1R	When Bladed Mirage enters the battlefield, target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of different kinds of counters among permanents you control. 	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFrenzied Tusker	R	common	Creature — Boar 	122	R	1R	Frenzied Tusker enters the battlefield with a tusk counter on it.
T, Remove a tusk counter from Frenzied Tusker: It deals 1 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWandering Damned	R	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	147	R	1RR	Wandering Damned enters the battlefield with your choice of a haste counter or a menace counter on it.	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESilly Pepper	R	common	Creature — Elemental 	137	R	2R	Silly Pepper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever you put a counter on a permanent you control, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWandering Savior	R	common	Creature — Human Samurai 	148	R	3R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you control no creatures.
Dash 2RR (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHypergenetic Hulk	R	uncommon	Creature — Giant Mutant 	127	R	3R	When Hypergenetic Hulk enters the battlefield, it deals damage to target player or planeswalker equal to the number of Mutants you control.	4/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBull of Turenze	R	common	Creature — Minotaur 	117	R	4R	Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	4/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETitan of the Wretched	R	common	Creature — Giant Warrior 	143	R	4R	Whenever Titan of the Wretched attacks, if it’s modified, it deals 2 damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)	5/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPersistent Punishment	R	common	Instant	131	R	1R	Persistent Punishment deals damage to any target equal to 1 plus the number of cards named Persistent Punishment in your graveyard.
A deck can have any number of cards named Persistent Punishment.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBolt of Wickedness	R	common	Instant	116	R	R	Bolt of Wickedness deals 2 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
Casualty 1 (As you cast this spell, you may sacrifice a creature with power 1 or greater. When you do, copy this spell and you may choose a new target for the copy.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWeight of Guilt	R	common	Sorcery	152	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Whenever you lose control of that creature, Weight of Guilt deals 3 damage to it.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDesperate Valor	R	common	Instant	119	R	1R	Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. At the beginning of the next end step, remove a counter from each creature you control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESomething in the Dark	R	common	Instant	139	R	R	Discard two cards. If you do, draw two cards.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKushabi Dagger	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	129	R	R	Whenever equipped creature dies, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.
Equip 1			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Dreamer Awakens	R	common	Instant	120	R	R	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains hexproof and “Pay 3 life: This creature loses hexproof until end of turn. Any player may activate this ability.”			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEvangel of Geesh	U	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	52	U	U	Evangel of Geesh enters the battlefield tapped with a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELursk's Guilt	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Dream Snake 	59	U	1U	Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
Abstraction 3 (3, Exile this card from your graveyard: Draw a card. Activate only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESpirit of Flight	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Bird Spirit 	71	U	1U	Flying
Unearth 1U (1U: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFading Wispmare	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Dream 	53	U	2U	Flying
Whenever Fading Wispmare enters the battlefield or dies, scry 1.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGeesh's Scavenger	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mutant 	54	U	2U	Madness 1U (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERime Titan	U	common	Snow Creature — Elemental 	68	U	3U	When Rime Titan enters the battlefield, create a snow artifact token named Ice with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add C.”	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECetecean Somnolence	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	81	B	1B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has menace. If enchanted creature is a Dream, it gets an additional +1/+1.
Substantiate 3B (You may cast this for its substantiate cost; when you do, create a 0/0 colorless Dream creature token and attach this to it.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUnstable Subject	U	common	Creature — Human Mutant 	76	U	4U	When Unstable Subject enters the battlefield, you may exile another target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Evolve (Whenever a creature you control enters, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	1/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEParagon of Malice	U	common	Creature — Demon 	62	U	4UU	Affinity for enchantments (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each enchantment you control.)	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPatient Yojimbo	U	common	Creature — Human Samurai 	63	U	1U	Defender
Exalted (Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBaun's Aftermath	U	common	Instant	45	U	1UU	Emerge 4U (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
Counter target spell.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETautology	U	uncommon	Instant	73	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each card in their graveyard.
Madness U (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECrystallize	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	47	U	1U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a Prism creature with base power and toughness 1/1 that’s all colors.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAnnan's Trickery	U	common	Sorcery	42	UB	1U	Cleave B (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)
Target player [draws two cards, then] discards a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUncover the Past	U	common	Sorcery	75	U	U	Create three Clue tokens, then discard a card. (It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESeafloor Breach	U	common	Instant	69	U	U	Return target artifact, creature, or planeswalker to its owner’s hand.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEClarion Warhorn	U	common	Instant	46	U	1U	Up to one target creature gets +0/+X until end of turn and up to one other target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is the number of different kinds of counters among permanents you control.
Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMoonlight Warp	U	common	Instant	61	U	1U	Until end of turn, target creature becomes a Werewolf with base power and toughness 4/4.
Madness U (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEVillage Idiot	WU	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	225	WU	WU	Defender
Whenever Village Idiot blocks, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	1/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOstaad Sellsword	W	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	25	W	W	As long as it’s attacking, Ostaad Sellsword assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.	0/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESquawking Schematic	W	common	Artifact Creature — Bird 	33	W	W	Flying
Squawking Schematic can’t attack or block unless you control another artifact creature.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDrownside Aquanaut	W	common	Creature — Human Pilot 	13	W	1W	Drownside Aquanaut crews Vehicles using its toughness rather than its power.	1/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDetermined Climber	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	12	W	1W	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Determined Climber.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPicked-Clean Paladin	W	common	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	26	W	1W	Picked-Clean Paladin can’t be blocked except by Skeletons, Spirits, or Zombies. 	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEForlorn Buggy	W	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	16	W	2W	Lifelink
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECliff-Carved Drake	W	common	Artifact Creature — Drake 	7	W	2W	Flying
When Cliff-Carved Drake enters the battlefield, until end of turn, spells your opponents cast cost 2 more to cast.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECalcified Bathyscaphe	W	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	3	W	2W	Whenever Calcified Bathyscaphe attacks, untap up to one creature that crewed it this turn. Put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETimeless Troubadour	W	common	Artifact Creature — Bard 	34	W	3W	Affinity for artifact creatures (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact creature you control.)	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEJusticar of Qirauz	W	common	Creature — Skeleton Cleric 	20	W	3W	Whenever Justicar of Qirauz attacks, Skeletons you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEExecutioner of Qamesh	W	common	Creature — Skeleton Beast 	15	W	4W	When Executioner of Qamesh dies, create a number of 1/1 black Skeleton creature tokens equal to the number of creatures that died this turn.	3/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHoneydew Guardian	WG	common	Artifact Creature — Food Golem 	199	WG	GW	Vigilance
2, T, Sacrifice Honeydew Guardian: You gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECrystal Shock	W	common	Instant	10	W	W	Choose one —
• Destroy target Aura.
• Destroy target Equipment.
• Remove all counters from target creature.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESolemn Procession	W	common	Instant	31	W	W	Solemn Procession deals damage to target attacking creature, blocking creature, or planeswalker equal to the greatest toughness among creatures you control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECoven's Gaze	W	common	Instant	9	W	W	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Scry 1.
Conspire (As you cast this spell, you may tap two untapped creatures you control that share a color with it. When you do, copy it and you may choose a new target for the copy.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECautious Approach	W	common	Instant	4	W	W	Target creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it’s equipped or is an artifact creature, it gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESkeletal Harvest	W	common	Instant	29	W	1W	Create a number of 1/1 black Skeletons creature tokens equal to one plus the number of cards named Skeletal Harvest in your graveyard. If you create three or more tokens this way, distribute that many +1/+1 counters among Skeletons you control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOffering to Daugan	W	common	Instant	23	W	1W	Destroy target creature with total power and toughness 7 or greater.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShadow and Bone	B	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton Shade 	102	B	B	Squad—2 life (As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may pay 2 life any number of times. When this creature enters, create that many tokens that are copies of it.)
Menace	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAbandoned Apex	B	uncommon	Creature — Insect Angel Horror 	77	B	1B	Flying
Whenever a creature you control becomes modified, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life. This ability triggers only once each turn per creature you control. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESubconscious Steed	B	common	Enchantment Creature — Nighmare 	107	B	2B	Whenever Subconscious Steed enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Dash 2B (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShepherd of Yog	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Peasant 	104	B	3B	When Shepherd of Yog enters the battlefield, you may return target enchantment card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELursk's Legacy	B	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Nightmare 	93	B	3BB	Flying
Auras attached to creatures you control have “Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.”
Auras attached to creatures your opponents control have “Enchanted creature gets -1/-1.”	3/6		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESwarm of Flesh	B	uncommon	Creature — Beast Horror 	109	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile any number of cards from your graveyard.
Swarm of Flesh’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of card types among cards exiled with it.	*/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGrotesque Gourmand	B	uncommon	Creature — Zombie Peasant 	89	B	1B	T, Pay 1 life: Create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)
Whenever you gain life for the first time each turn, each opponent loses 1 life.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEStitch Together	B	uncommon	Sorcery	106	B	BB	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Threshold — Return that card from your graveyard to the battlefield instead if seven or more cards are in your graveyard.			normal	MHQ		REPRINTREPLACEMEEdge of Reality	B	uncommon	Sorcery	86	B	1BB	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Whenever a creature dies this turn, you gain 1 life.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWorlds End	B	uncommon	Sorcery	112	B	B	Choose highest or lowest. Then target player reveals their hand and discards a nonland card with the chosen mana value.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESecrets of the Flesh	B	uncommon	Sorcery	101	B	1B	Search your library for a nonland card with mana value less than or equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEClay Paragon		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	229	C	2	Menace
Sacrifice Clay Paragon: Remove all counters from target permanent.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMotor Monitor	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Lizard 	171	G	G	Motor Monitor enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Whenever another creature you control enters the battlefield or dies, if that creature has a +1/+1 counter on it, put +1/+1 counter on Motor Monitor.	0/0		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOvergrown Artifice	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Elemental 	173	G	1G	Overgrown Artifice’s power is each equal to the number of other creatures you control with counters on them.
5, Exile Overgrown Artifice from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	*/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEImpatient Hunter	G	rare	Creature — Werewolf 	164	G	1GG	Whenever Impatient Hunter attacks, put a daylight counter on it at end of combat.
Impatient Hunter is a 1/1 Human Peasant as long as it has three or more daylight counters on it.	5/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESynaptic Servitor	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Human Drone 	183	G	1GG	Haste
Whenever Synaptic Servitor attacks a planeswalker, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBane of the Unwary	U	uncommon	Creature — Cat 	44	U	3UU	Madness 1UU (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)
When Bane of the Unwary enters the battlefield, return another target creature to its owner’s hand.	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBrass Treadmaw	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Dinosaur 	155	G	4G	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each other spell you’ve cast this turn.
Reach	3/5		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHogweed Hulk	G	uncommon	Strange Creature — Elemental 	163	G	XG	Trample
When Hogweed Hulk enters the battlefield, exile up to X target cards from a single graveyard.
Hogweed Hulk’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards exiled with it.	*/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESilver-Gate Guardian		rare	Artifact Creature — Knight 	241	C	2	Flash
Players can’t advance through dungeons.
Players can’t reveal cards from outside the game.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEmpire of the Dead	G	uncommon	Instant	158	G	1G	Sacrifice a land. When you do, search your library for a land card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPrimordial Pulse	G	uncommon	Sorcery	176	G	0	Cast this spell only if you control a Forest.
Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAleph Mobilizer	G	rare	Artifact — Fortification 	153	G	G	Fortified land is a 3/3 Construct creature with trample and haste. It’s still a land.
Fortify 1 (1: Attach to target land you control. Fortify only as a sorcery.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELambent Blessing	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	168	G	GG	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4.
Channel — 2G, Discard Lambent Blessing: Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWhere Dreams Go to Die	G	uncommon	Sorcery	190	G	2G	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card you’ve discarded this turn.
Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Where Dreams Go to Die.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECity of Disyus		uncommon	Land	247	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice City of Disyus: Search your library for a basic Plains, Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDungeons of Aleph		uncommon	Land	251	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Dungeons of Aleph: Search your library for a basic Mountain, Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. 			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKushab Temple		uncommon	Land	256	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Kushab Temple: Search your library for a basic Forest, Island, or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEStreets of Gevangis		uncommon	Land	259	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Streets of Gevangis: Search your library for a basic Island, Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERuins of Morstad		uncommon	Land	258	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice Ruins of Morstad: Search your library for a basic Swamp, Plains, or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEInertia Elemental	WU	uncommon	Creature — Elemental 	201	WU	WU	Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
Creatures you control can attack as though they didn’t have defender.	0/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMENightmare Artist	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	206	UB	UB	Each enchantment spell you cast has blitz. The blitz cost is equal to its mana cost. (You may choose to cast that spell for its blitz cost. If you do, it gains “When this permanent is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.” Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.)	1/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBaun's Experiment	BR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Equipment Horror 	191	BR	1BR	Modified creatures you control get +2/+1. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)
Reconfigure 3 (3: Attach to target creature you control; or unattach from a creature. Reconfigure only as a sorcery. While attached, this isn’t a creature.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESecond-Stage Prototype	RG	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Skeleton Construct 	213	RG	XRG	Modular X (This creature enters with X +1/+1 counters on it. When it dies, you may put its +1/+1 counters on target artifact creature.)	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESpreading Corrosion	WG	uncommon	Sorcery	217	WG	GW	Create a 0/0 Construct artifact creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each artifact creature you control.
Flashback—GW, Sacrifice an artifact. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETribune's Verdict	WB	uncommon	Instant	221	WB	2WB	Destroy target creature. Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token. The destroyed creature’s controller loses life equal to the number of Skeletons you control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEElectrocute	UR	uncommon	Instant	195	UR	UR	Put a charge counter on up to one permanent, then Electrocute deals damage to any target equal to the number of different kinds of counters among permanents you control. Scry 1.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEProphet of Corvash	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	209	BG	BG	Prophet of Corvash’s power is equal to the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.	*/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBreakneck Carriage	WR	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	192	WR	RW	Haste
Vehicles you control have crew 2.	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHydromoeba	UG	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Beast 	200	UG	GU	Discard a card: Hydromoeba’s base power and toughness become 4/4 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEScion of Udim	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Human 	135	R	R	Scion of Udim enters the battlefield with two oil counters on it.
Whenever Scion of Udim attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each oil counter on it, then remove an oil counter from it.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPiston Chorus	R	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	132	R	1R	Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	7/7		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESavage Apothecary	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	134	R	1RR	Bloodthirst 1 (If an opponent was dealt damage this turn, this creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Modified creatures you control have haste. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEngine of Damnation	R	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	121	R	3R	Trample
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	6/6		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHerald of Sotak	R	uncommon	Creature — Demon 	126	R	RRRRR	This spell costs R less to cast for each source you control that has dealt damage this turn.
Haste	4/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWalking Wick	R	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	146	R	1RR	When Walking Wick dies, if it was attacking, choose up to one target permanent. Double the number of each kind of counter on that permanent.	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESmokestack Hellkite	R	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	138	R	2R	As long as Smokestack Hellkite is a creature, it has flying and haste and is a Dragon in addition to its other types.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFruity Tang	R	uncommon	Instant	123	R	1R	Fruity Tang deals 3 damage to any target.
Formidable — If creatures you control have total power 8 or greater, Fruity Tang deals an additional 1 damage to each creature and each planeswalker your opponents control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELegion Deployment	R	uncommon	Sorcery	130	R	1RR	Choose two. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Legion Deployment deals 1 damage to each creature.
• Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGrapes of Wrath	R	uncommon	Instant	124	R	3RR	Choose one —
• Target creature fights another target creature.
• Target creature deals damage equal to its power to target player.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEChromatic Expanse		uncommon	Land	246	C		T: Add C.
1, T: Add two mana of different colors. Spend this mana only to cast a spell that’s two or fewer colors.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETestudo Formation	R	uncommon	Enchantment	142	R	1R	As long as there are three or more kinds of counter among permanents you control, attacking creatures you control get +1/+1.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWarp Drive	R	uncommon	Instant	149	R	1R	Choose an instant or sorcery card in a graveyard. You may cast it this turn. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. 			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEJystani Gemdreamer	U	uncommon	Creature — Mutant Wizard 	58	U	U	Whenever you cast a spell from exile, put a +1/+1 counter on Jystani Gemdreamer.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEReaver of Bocacius	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	65	U	1U	When Reaver of Bocacius dies, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Madness 1U (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEIndolent Outsider	U	common	Creature — Mutant 	57	U	2U	Defender
When Indolent Outsider enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an enchantment card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDakhazi Charioteer	W	uncommon	Creature — Skeleton Soldier 	11	W	3W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, up to one target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.	1/6		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEForging the Tyrant	G	uncommon	Sorcery	159	G	3GG	Create a 0/0 Construct artifact creature token, then put a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.
Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGuilt's Visage	U	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	56	U	1U	Guilt’s Visage’s toughness is equal to the number of cards in your graveyard.	2/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDreambound Scuttler	U	uncommon	Enchantment Creature — Crab 	50	U	U	Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, target player mills three cards.	0/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGraven Meditation	U	uncommon	Sorcery	55	U	1U	Draw a card.
Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERefusal of the Ancients	U	common	Instant	66	U	U	Counter target spell if mana from a nonland source was spent to cast it.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESomber Tutelage	U	uncommon	Enchantment	70	U	2U	When Somber Tutelage enters the battlefield, draw a card, then discard a card.
Whenever you discard a card, each opponent mills two cards. 			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPupate	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	64	U	1U	Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent loses all other types and is a 3/3 Insect creature with flying.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETouch the Light	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	74	U	U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control.
As long as you control three or more enchantments, enchanted creature can’t be blocked.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWinding Compass		uncommon	Artifact	244	C	3	T: Add C.
2, T: You may cast creature spells this turn as though they had flash.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELife's Echo	W	uncommon	Creature — Avatar 	21	W	W	Vigilance
Life’s Echo’s power and toughness are each equal to your life total minus your starting life total.	*/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELuminous Martyr	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	22	W	1W	Fateful hour — As long as you have 5 or less life, Luminous Martyr gets +2/+2 and has lifelink.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGirded Fetch	W	uncommon	Creature — Homunculus Knight 	17	W	WW	When Girded Fetch enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment or Vehicle card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAbyssal Predator	U	uncommon	Creature — Leviathan 	39	U	3U	Abyssal Predator enters the battlefield tapped with a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	6/6		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHerald of the Damned	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel 	18	W	13WW	If your life total is less than or greater than your starting life total, this spell costs X less to cast, where X is the difference.
Vigilance, flying, lifelink	6/6		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShockodile	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Crocodile 	28	W	XWW	When Shockodile enters the battlefield, choose up to one target nonland permanent you don’t control with mana value less than or equal to the amount of mana spent to cast Shockodile. Exile that permanent until Shockodile leaves the battlefield.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEIron Maw		uncommon	Artifact	235	C	1	As long as Iron Maw is in your library, it’s a basic Mountain land in addition to its other types.
1, T, Sacrifice Iron Maw: Target player shuffles up to three target cards from their graveyard into their library.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOnly in Death Does Duty End	W	uncommon	Instant	24	W	WW	Destroy target tapped creature. Create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEmpty Rift	W	uncommon	Enchantment	14	W	W	When Empty Rift enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less until Empty Rift leaves the battlefield.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Fleet	W	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	1	W	1W	Lifelink 
At the beginning of your end step, if you gained 4 or more life this turn, create a 2/2 white Warrior creature token.
Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESkyside Voyager	W	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	30	W	1W	As long as Skyside Voyager is a creature, creature spells you cast cost W less to cast.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESequester	W	uncommon	Instant	27	W	W	Counter target spell or ability that targets you or a permanent you control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEScreaming Unlife	B	mythic	Enchantment	100	B	1B	Abilities that would be triggered by a creature you control entering the battlefield also trigger when that creature dies.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEQirauz, The Prince Who Failed	WUB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Qirauz 	211	WUB	2WUB			Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, create a token that’s a copy of Qirauz, The Prince Who Failed, except it’s not legendary, it doesn’t have this ability, and its starting loyalty is equal to that spell’s mana value.
[-1]: Draw a card. Put a loyalty counter on each legendary Qirauz planeswalker you control.
[-3]: Target permanent’s controller exiles it unless they exile two cards from their hand
[-8]: Each opponent exiles their hand, then loses 1 life for each card they own in exile.	planeswalker	MHQ	3	Qirauz, The Prince Who FailedREPLACEMECombat Simulacrum	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct 	8	W	2W	Training (Whenever this creature attacks with another creature with greater power, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Combat Simulacrum.	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESpeaker of Sands	W	rare	Creature — Human Rogue 	32	W	1W	Flash
If an artifact would enter the battlefield and it wasn’t cast, exile it instead.	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETurn to Stone	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	36	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature is an artifact and loses all other types.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEChainer's Grave		rare	Land	245	BG		T: Add C.
Threshold — BG: Chainer’s Grave becomes a 4/4 black and green Nightmare Horror creature with menace until end of turn. It’s still a land. Activate only if seven or more cards are in your graveyard.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETerminal Marsh		rare	Land	260	UG		T: Add C.
1, T: Put a storage counter on Terminal Marsh.
1, Remove X storage counters from Terminal Marsh: Add X mana in any combination of G and/or U.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDaru Verge		rare	Land	248	C		Daru Verge enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice Daru Verge: Search your library for a Plains card and a Swamp card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDrowned Cave		rare	Land	250	UR		T: Add C.
T: Add U or R. Activate only if you control an Island.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHighland Pass		rare	Land	254	WR		T: Add C.
T: Add R or W. Each opponent gains 1 life.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEInviolable Titan		mythic	Artifact Creature — Golem 	234	C	8	Players can’t get counters.
Counters can’t be put on permanents.
Players and permanents can’t have Auras and Equipment attached to them.	8/8		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMENo Mercy	B	rare	Enchantment	95	B	2BB	Whenever a creature deals damage to you, destroy it.			normal	MHQ		REPRINTREPLACEMESkeleton	B	common	Token Creature — Skeleton 	4	B			1/1		token	MHQ		REPLACEMEElder Horror	UG	common	Token Creature — Elder Horror 	5	UG		This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards each player owns in exile.	*/*		token	MHQ		REPLACEMEConstruct		common	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	7	C			0/0		token	MHQ		REPLACEMETime's End	UB	rare	Instant	219	UB	2UB	The player whose turn it is may end the turn. If they don’t, and if it isn’t your turn, you may cast a spell from your hand without paying its mana cost. Exile Time’s End.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWrath of Qirauz	WR	rare	Sorcery	226	WR	1RRWW	Destroy all nonbasic lands.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETriumph of Qirauz	UR	rare	Enchantment	223	UR	2UR	Life totals can’t change.
Whenever a player is dealt damage, that player exiles that many cards from the top of their library.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERemnants of the Architect	G	rare	Sorcery	177	G	2G	Search your library for two creature cards with different names, exile them, then shuffle. Target opponent chooses one of the exiled cards. Put the chosen card into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWail of Disintegration	R	rare	Sorcery	145	R	1RR	All creatures get +2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEConstruct		common	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	8	C			0/0		token	MHQ		REPLACEMEHuman Peasant		common	Token Creature — Human Peasant 	1	C			1/1		token	MHQ		REPLACEMEQamesh, Slayer of Worlds	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Skeleton 	210	WB	1WB	When Qamesh, Slayer of Worlds enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token for each opponent you have.
Sacrifice a Skeleton: Qamesh gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Noncreature spells cost 1 more to cast this turn.	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETouch of Corvash	BG	rare	Sorcery	220	BG	2BG	Infect (This spell deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Touch of Corvash deals 4 damage to each creature and each opponent.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMELursk, Recurring Dream	WUG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Lursk 	204	WUG	1GWU			[+1]: Create a 1/1 blue Dream creature token, then put a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of tapped creatures on the battlefield.
[-2]: Choose target player. Put a stun counter on each creature that player controls, then tap up to two of those creatures.
[-8]: You control target player during that player’s next turn. Whenever you cast a spell during that turn, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.	planeswalker	MHQ	2	REPLACEMERemnant of Akaddi	U	rare	Creature — Sphinx 	67	U	1UU	Flying
As Remnant of Akaddi enters the battlefield, you may remove any number of counters from permanents you control. Remnant of Akaddi enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each kind of counter removed this way.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEOrflaith, Patient Hunter	WBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Orflaith 	207	WBG	BGW			[+2]: Create a 1/1 white Dream enchantment creature token with lifelink.
[-X]: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn. Its controller loses X life.
[-8]: Exile up to three target permanents. You may reveal an enchantment card you own from outside the game and put it onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	MHQ	3	REPLACEMEDream	W	common	Token Enchantment Creature — Dream 	2	W		Lifelink	1/1		token	MHQ		REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	11	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	MHQ		REPLACEMELuuft, Kushabi Exile	BR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Luuft 	205	BR	1BR			At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice any number of Bloods. If you do, put that many loyalty counters on Luuft, Kushabi Exile.
[0]: Create two Blood tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
[-2]: Destroy target artifact, creature, or planeswalker. Create a Blood token.
[-5]: Return target permanent card from a graveyard to the battlefield under your control. If you don’t own that card, sacrifice it at the beginning of your next end step.	planeswalker	MHQ	3	REPLACEMELeyline of the Beyond	B	rare	Enchantment	91	B	2BB	If Leyline of the Beyond is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.
Whenever a player casts a spell, if no mana was spent to cast it, that player loses life equal to that spell’s mana value.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUnquiet Sanctum		rare	Artifact	243	C	3	Each creature card in your graveyard has unearth X, where X is that card’s mana value. (They have “X: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.”)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETribute to the Lares	WU	rare	Instant	222	WU	WU	You gain 2 life. Then counter target spell unless its controller pays X, where X is the amount of life you’ve gained this turn.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEVeil-Cutter Ronin	R	rare	Creature — Human Samurai 	144	R	2R	Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom in a random order.)
Dash 2RRR (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)	3/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECarved Sovereign	G	rare	Artifact Creature — Golem 	156	G	7G	Affinity for artifact creatures (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact creature you control.)
Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its mana value rather than its power.	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETurnip Titan	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Giant 	184	G	2G	Whenever you discard a card, Turnip Titan gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each card type among cards in your graveyard. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGeesh's Blessing	G	uncommon	Sorcery	161	G	G	Populate. (Create a token that’s a copy of a creature token you control.)
Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETroop Morale	W	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	35	W	1W	Enchant creature you control with the lowest power
Creatures you control get +1/+1.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPrism		common	Token Creature — Prism 	6	WUBRG		Menace
This creature is all colors.	1/1		token	MHQ		REPLACEMEAmphibious Transport		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	228	C	X	Amphibious Transport enters the battlefield with twice X +1/+1 counters on it.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	0/0		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	3	W			1/1		token	MHQ		REPLACEMETool		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	9	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0
Equip 1			token	MHQ		REPLACEMETool		common	Token Artifact	10	C		Sacrifice this artifact: Add C.			token	MHQ		REPLACEMEVibrant Verdigris	WG	rare	Enchantment	224	WG	GW	Artifact creatures you control get +2/+2.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEFragment of Mortality	BR	rare	Creature — Avatar 	198	BR	BR	Flash
If a player would gain life, instead put a +1/+1 counter on Fragment of Mortality.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEKavu Tyrant	RG	rare	Creature — Kavu 	203	RG	RG	Kavu Tyrant’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of land types among lands you control. (Land types include the basic land types, Gate, Lair, Sphere, and others.)
When Kavu Tyrant enters the battlefield or attacks, you may return target land card from your graveyard to your hand.	*/*		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESinister Lurker	UG	rare	Creature — Human Peasant 	215	UG	GU	Ward—Tap two untapped creatures you control
Sinister Lurker gets +2/+2 as long as any graveyard has seven or more cards in it.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAmbulatory Vat	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Mutant Construct 	41	U	1UU	Flash
When Ambulatory Vat enters the battlefield, exile target creature spell. When you do, Ambulatory Vat’s power and toughness become equal to the power and toughness of that card. (This effect last indefinitely.)	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEBorrowed Breath	W	rare	Instant	2	W	W	You can’t lose the game this turn and your opponents can’t win the game this turn. Your life total becomes equal to your starting life total. For each 1 life you gained this way, exile the top card of your library.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAr Dacha Storyteller	U	rare	Creature — Human Bard 	43	U	1U	As long as you have seven or more cards in hand, you may pay 0 rather than pay cycling costs.
Cycling U (U, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	2/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEDie Laughing	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	49	U	1U	Kicker 2UU (You may pay an additional 2UU as you cast this spell.)
Enchant creature
When Die Laughing enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, gain control of enchanted creature.
When enchanted creature dies, create a token that’s a copy of it.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEYog's Favored	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Nightmare 	38	W	W	As Yog’s Favored enters the battlefield, choose target opponent. If that player has more cards in hand than you, Yog’s Favored enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the difference.	0/0		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEShifting Moon	R	rare	Enchantment	136	R	2R	Nonbasic lands have “When this land enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay 1.”			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWrath of the First Ones	W	rare	Sorcery	37	W	XWW	Choose one. If X is 5 or more, choose both instead.
• Destroy each creature with power X or less.
• Create X 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMonkey Business	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	60	U	U	Enchant nonland permanent
Enchanted permanent loses all abilities and is a green Ape creature with base power and toughness 2/2. 			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEInexorable Legion	B	rare	Creature — Skeleton 	90	B	2BB	When Inexorable Legion enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token.
Inexorable Legion gets +1/+1 for each other Skeleton you control.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWarshifter	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	150	R	1R	As long as an opponent has been dealt 3 or more noncombat damage this turn by sources you control, Warshifter is a 4/3 Minotaur Warrior with menace.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEChosen of Corvash	B	rare	Creature — Mutant Horror 	82	B	BBB	Ward—Gain ten poison counters
Whenever Chosen of Corvash blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, that creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHeart of Flame	R	rare	Instant	125	R	1R	Heart of Flame deals 3 damage to any target. If a creature or planeswalker is dealt excess damage this way, exile that many cards from the top of your library. Until end of turn, you may play those cards.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMana Refraction	G	rare	Enchantment	170	G	2GG	Whenever you tap a land for mana, add an additional mana of another color.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUnquiet Clearing		rare	Land	261	UB		T, Pay 1 life: Add U or B.
1, T, Sacrifice Unquiet Clearing: Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGathering Squall		rare	Land	253	WU		T, Pay 1 life: Add W or U.
1, T, Sacrifice Gathering Squall: Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEHorizon Canopy		rare	Land	255	WG		T, Pay 1 life: Add G or W.
1, T, Sacrifice Horizon Canopy: Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPRINTREPLACEMEDesolate Tomb		rare	Land	249	BR		T, Pay 1 life: Add B or R.
1, T, Sacrifice Desolate Tomb: Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMERugged Copse		rare	Land	257	RG		T, Pay 1 life: Add R or G.
1, T, Sacrifice Rugged Copse: Draw a card.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEGodblood Altar		rare	Artifact	232	C	2	2, T: Choose a color. Add an amount of mana of that color equal to your devotion to that color. (Each that in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to that.)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESerpent Engine		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	240	C	3	Whenever Serpent Engine becomes crewed for the first time each turn, if it was crewed by exactly one creature, it gains lifelink, flying, and trample until end of turn.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESol Talisman		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	242	C	1	Equipped creature has “T: Add CC.”
Equip 1			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAlchemical Discovery	U	rare	Instant	40	U	XU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, remove X counters from permanents you control.
Draw X cards.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMESparkmage's Charm	R	rare	Instant	141	R	RRR	Choose one —
• Sparkmage’s Charm deals 4 damage to any target.
• Destroy target nonbasic land.
• Discard your hand, then draw three cards.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMulchtiller Wurm	G	rare	Creature — Wurm 	172	G	1GG	Activated abilities of lands can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.	3/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECemetary Seraph	W	rare	Creature — Angel 	6	W	1WW	Flying
Whenever one or more cards leave a graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on Cemetary Seraph and you gain 1 life.	3/3		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEElemental Emergence	U	rare	Instant	51	WUBRG	U	Elemental Emergence is all colors.
Exile target permanent you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMETerrify	B	rare	Instant	110	B	1B	Destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. A creature destroyed this way can’t be regenerated.
Overload 3BBB (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEIssa, Gatherer of the Lost	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	19	WUBRG	1WW	When Issa, Gatherer of the Lost enters the battlefield, if U to spent to cast it, search your library for a blue legendary card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. The same is true for B and black, R and red, and G and green. Then shuffle.
Issa gets +1/+1 for each other legendary creature you control.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECease Hostility	W	rare	Instant	5	W	XW	Instill (You can dream this spell into being. Each creature you tap as you cast this spell pays for 1, plus 1 for each Aura attached to that creature.)
Exile target nonland permanent with mana value X or less.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAlluring Lotus		mythic	Artifact	227	C		Morph 2 (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for 3. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)
T, Sacrifice Alluring Lotus: Add three mana of any one color.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEWarwake Phoenix	R	mythic	Creature — Phoenix 	151	R	1RR	Flying, haste
When Warwake Phoenix dies, you may exile it and exile an Equipment card from your hand or graveyard. If you do, at the beginning of your next upkeep, return both of those cards to the battlefield and attach that Equipment to Warwake Phoenix.	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEUnell's Champion	G	mythic	Creature — Spirit Elk 	186	G	4GGGG	If you tap a permanent for mana, it produces four times as much of that mana instead.	4/8		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEInterplanar Nexus	WUBRG	mythic	Sorcery	202	WUBRG	2/W2/U2/B2/R2/G2/C	Exile the top six cards of target player’s library. You may cast any number of spells from among the exiled cards with total mana value 6 or less without paying their mana costs. Repeat this process for each other player’s library.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEPink Slime	G	rare	Creature — Ooze 	174	G	1G	Foods you control are 1/1 Germ creatures in addition to their other types.
Germs you control are Food artifacts in addition to their other types and have “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”	2/2		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMECollected Covenant	B	rare	Instant	83	B	3BB	Return up to two target creature cards each with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. 			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEImmolating Hellkite	R	rare	Creature — Dragon 	128	R	2RR	Flying
When Immolating Hellkite enters the battlefield, destroy target land that could produce C.
Immolating Hellkite gets +1/+0 for each land card in all graveyards.	3/4		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEEternity's Gate		mythic	Legendary Land — Gate 	252	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color among cards you own in exile.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEStoic Philosopher	U	mythic	Creature — Human Wizard 	72	U	1UU	You don’t lose the game for having 0 or less life, for having ten or more poison counters, or for drawing a card while you have no cards in your library.	1/1		normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEMox Paradox		mythic	Artifact	238	C	0	When Mox Paradox enters the battlefield, choose two colors.
T: Add one mana of one of the chosen colors. Spend this mana only to cast a spell that’s exactly both of the chosen colors.			normal	MHQ		REPLACEMEAmatar Temple		masterpiece	Plane — Shamtar 	1	C		A player losing unspent mana causes that player to lose that much life.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Coast		masterpiece	Plane — Ulaith 	2	C		When you planeswalk to CARDNAME or at the beginning of your upkeep, destroy target permanent that’s red, white, or blue.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEBoánn, River of Wisdom		masterpiece	Plane — Ulaith 	3	C		Whenever a creature you control dies, scry X, where X is that creature’s power, then draw a card.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Circle of Sloth		masterpiece	Plane — Bocacius 	4	C		Whenever you planeswalk to CARDNAME, put a stun counter on each artifact and each creature.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Circle of Wrath		masterpiece	Plane — Bocacius 	5	C		Whenever a creature you control attacks, you may have it get +X/+0, where X is its power. If you do, exile it at end of combat.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMECity of Gevangis		masterpiece	Plane — Arkoph 	6	C		At the beginning of your upkeep, choose a color. Target creature you control gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is your devotion to that color.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMECryptic Canyon		masterpiece	Plane — San Xalco 	7	C		At the beginning of your precombat main phase, add CCC. Spend this mana only to roll the planar die.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEDamnation's Gate		masterpiece	Plane — Morstad 	8	C		Whenever a player casts a spell during a turn other than their own, that player sacrifices a nonland permanent.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEDeribad, Drownside Capital		masterpiece	Plane — Tytheus 	9	C		Artifacts you control have “1, T: You get E (an energy counter).” and “EEE: Create a token that’s a copy of this artifact.”			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEDesert of Ashur		masterpiece	Plane — Akaddi 	10	C		Whenever a player would gain life for the first time each turn, instead that player loses that much life.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEDutch's Homestead		masterpiece	Plane — San Xalco 	11	C		Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create an X/X Illusion creature token with decayed, where X is that spell’s mana value. (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Dying Ice		masterpiece	Plane — Shamtar 	12	C		Creatures you control enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on them for each C spent to cast them.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEFort Charles		masterpiece	Plane — San Xalco 	13	C		Whenever you spend mana to roll the planar die, you may distribute that many +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEGhallil Sea		masterpiece	Plane — Akaddi 	14	C		At the beginning of your end step, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEGlintbone Reach		masterpiece	Plane — Jystan 	15	C		At the beginning of your precombat main phase, for each color among creatures you control, add one mana of that color.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEGrafting Chambers		masterpiece	Plane — Skand 	16	C		Creature cards in your hand have emerge. Their emerge cost is equal to 3 plus their mana cost. 			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEHigh Tara		masterpiece	Plane — Ulaith 	17	C		At the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may tap two untapped creatures you control. If you do, scry 2, then draw a card.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMELórgan Town		masterpiece	Plane — Ulaith 	18	C		Creatures without flying or that aren’t vehicles can’t attack you.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEMount Dreadnight		masterpiece	Plane — Quyrash 	19	C		All permanents are enchantments in addition to their other types.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Nightpit		masterpiece	Plane — Morstad 	20	C		All creatures have “Pay 2 life: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.”			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEPundar's Sanctum		masterpiece	Plane — Tytheus 	21	C		At the beginning of your precombat main phase, you may tap any number of untapped creatures you control. If you do, destroy target nonland permanent if its mana value is less than or equal to the number of creatures tapped this way.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMERen's Galleries		masterpiece	Plane — Skand 	22	C		At the beginning of your end step, manifest target creature card from a graveyard.  (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMERuins of Blackwater		masterpiece	Plane — Tytheus 	23	C		Whenever you cast a spell, you get E (an energy counter). Then you may pay EEE. If you do, draw a card.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Skysea		masterpiece	Plane — Quyrash 	24	C		Creatures with flying can’t be blocked except by creatures with reach.
Creatures with reach can’t be blocked except by creatures with flying.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMESotak's Temple		masterpiece	Plane — Kushab 	25	C		As long as you control seven or more nonland permanents, if you would draw a card, instead scry 1, then draw a card.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMESoul of Quartz		masterpiece	Plane — Jystan 	26	C		Lands and creatures are artifacts in addition to their other types.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEMEThe Weepwood		masterpiece	Plane — Arkoph 	27	C		All Human creatures have base power and toughness 3/2 and are Mutants in addition to their other types.			mini plane card	MHQ		REPLACEME