Callous Chaplain	WB	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	172	WB	2/WB	(2/W can be paid with any two mana or with W. This card’s mana value is 3.)
When Callous Chaplain enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWithered Oracle	B	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	98	WB	1B	W, T: Tap target creature if its power and toughness aren’t equal.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEArchitect of Fear	B	common	Creature — Human Druid 	68	B	2B	B, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Architect of Fear: Draw a card.	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInitiate of Balance	WB	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	231	WB	W/B	1: Add W or B. Activate only once each turn.
3W/BW/B: Initiate of Balance gets +2/+1 and gains flying and lifelink until end of turn.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEEvangel of Corvash	B	common	Creature — Beast Mutant Warrior 	80	BG	2B	2G: Evangel of Corvash can’t be blocked this turn by creatures with power 2 or less.	4/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEYog's Flagellant	B	common	Creature — Human Assassin 	99	B	3B	[When Yog’s Flagellant enters the battlefield,] target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Sacrament B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	4/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMorgue Prowler	B	common	Creature — Mutant Rogue 	89	B	3B	[When Morgue Prowler enters the battlefield,] return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
Sacrament B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Fear in the Woods	B	common	Creature — Horror 	83	B	4B	Whenever a card enters or leaves your graveyard, The Fear in the Woods gets +2/+0 until end of turn. This ability triggers only twice each turn.	3/6		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForbidden Goliath	BG	common	Creature — Beast Mutant 	194	BG	4BG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
Trample	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBrutal Coven	BG	common	Creature — Human Druid 	229	BG	1B/G	When Brutal Coven enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice another creature. If you do, draw a card.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood Null	BG	common	Creature — Human Mutant 	226	BG	2/BG	(2/B can be paid with any two mana or with B. This card’s mana value is 3.)
When Weepwood Null dies, draw a card.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInitiate of Change	UG	common	Creature — Human Performer 	232	UG	G/U	1: Add G or U. Activate only once each turn.
3G/UG/U: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInitiate of Strength	BG	common	Creature — Human Druid 	234	BG	B/G	1: Add B or G. Activate only once each turn.
3B/GB/G: Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.” Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMELeering Jester	U	common	Creature — Human Performer 	52	UG	2U	3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on Leering Jester.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHeretic Harlequin	G	common	Creature — Human Performer 	151	G	2G	When Heretic Harlequin enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBraying Outcast	G	common	Creature — Beast Mutant Warrior 	137	BG	3G	2B: Return Braying Outcast from your graveyard to your hand. 	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECarrion Gnawer	G	common	Creature — Mutant 	139	G	3G	Occult GG (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)	4/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWretched Mendicant	G	common	Creature — Human Mutant Peasant 	166	G	1G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or pay 3.	5/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMischievous Troupe	UG	common	Creature — Human Performer 	205	UG	4GU	When Mischievous Troupe enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature, and a stun counter on up to one target creature. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEProcession of Faith	WR	common	Sorcery	237	WR	1R/W	Create two 1/1 colorless Human Cleric creature tokens.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECaptive Beastman	UR	common	Creature — Beast Mutant Warrior 	173	UR	2/UR	(2/U can be paid with any two mana or with U. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGnarled Acolyte	R	common	Creature — Human Mutant Wizard 	111	UR	1R	U, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFireband Inquisitor	R	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	107	R	1R	When Fireband Inquisitor enters the battlefield, it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInitiate of Fire	UR	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	233	UR	U/R	1: Add U or R. Activate only once each turn.
3U/RU/R: Create a tapped 1/1 blue and red Human Wizard creature token with prowess.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEZealous Witchfinder	R	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	133	WR	2R	Prowess
W: Zealous Witchfinder gains lifelink until end of turn.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOminous Sorcerer	R	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	120	R	3R	Reach
Whenever Ominous Sorcerer becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOutrider of the Eagle	R	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	121	R	3R	When Outrider of the Eagle enters the battlefield, it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHearth Crawler	R	common	Creature — Human Mutant 	112	R	4R	When Hearth Crawler enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each non-Mutant creature.	 4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDisciple of Blood	UR	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	189	UR	4UR	When Disciple of Blood enters the battlefield, discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards. If two nonland cards were discarded this way, Disciple of Blood gains haste until end of turn.	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECostumed Cultist	UG	common	Creature — Human Performer 	183	UG	2/GU	(2/G can be paid with any two mana or with G. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Costumed Cultist can’t be blocked.	1/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECloistered Cultist	UR	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	230	UR	1U/R	Defender, prowess
As long Cloistered Cultist’s power is 4 or greater, it can attack as though it didn’t have defender.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEVaulting Acrobat	G	common	Creature — Human Performer 	162	UG	2G	1U: Vaulting Acrobat gains flying until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMELaughter of Geesh	UG	common	Instant	236	UG	1G/U	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESinister Summoner	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	61	UR	2U	R: Sinister Summoner gets +1/-1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMidnight Haunter	U	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	55	U	3U	Flying
Whenever Midnight Haunter becomes tapped, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBrooding Coven	U	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	36	U	4U	Whenever Brooding Coven enters the battlefield, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEImpulsive Inquisitor	WR	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	199	WR	3RW	When Impulsive Inquisitor enters the battlefield, exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGnarled Wretch	G	common	Creature — Mutant Nomad 	149	G	1G	Deathtouch	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESainted Eagle	W	common	Creature — Bird 	28	WR	W	Flying
R: Sainted Eagle gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate no more than twice each turn.	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDevout Harrier	WR	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	188	WR	2/RW	(2/R can be paid with any two mana or with R. This card’s mana value is 3.)
When Devout Harrier enters the battlefield, you may attach an Equipment you control to it.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESolemn Deacon	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	29	W	W	When Solemn Deacon enters the battlefield, it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	0/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMENightwing Hunter	W	common	Creature — Bat 	20	W	1W	[Flying
When Nightwing Hunter enters the battlefield,] put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Sacrament W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	0/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEItinerant Cultist	W	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	14	WB	2W	[When Itinerant Cultist enters the battlefield,] you gain 3 life.
Sacrament B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBackwater Farmhand	W	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	3	W	3W	When Backwater Farmhand enters the battlefield, scry 1, then you may reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a basic Plains card, you may it into your hand.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInitiate of the Eagle	WR	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	235	WR	R/W	1: Add R or W. Activate only once each turn.
3R/WR/W: Target creature you control gains double strike until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGevangis Nightwatch	W	common	Creature — Human Ranger 	8	W	2W	Vigilance
When Gevangis Nightwatch enters the battlefield, untap up to one target creature you control.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHallowed Raptor	W	common	Creature — Bird 	9	W	3W	Flying
Spells you cast that target Hallowed Raptor cost W less to cast.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFaithwing Apprentice	W	common	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	6	W	4W	When Faithwing Apprentice enters the battlefield, it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Faithwing Apprentice gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShambling Sanctuary	WB	common	Creature — Beast Mutant 	212	WB	3WB	Vigilance, menace	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFolk Ritual	WB	common	Sorcery	193	WB	WB	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. That creature’s controller loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEVotive Offering	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	32	W	1W	Flash
When Votive Offering enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control. That creature gains first strike until end of turn.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHoly Feast	W	common	Instant	12	W	1W	Destroy target creature if its power is greater than target creature you control with the greatest power.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMartyr's Hymn	W	common	Instant	18	W	W	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If that creature is equipped or has a +1/+1 counter on it, it gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMERats in the Walls	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	26	W	1W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped artifact or creature you control.
Enchant permanent
Enchanted permanent can’t attack or block, and its activated abilities can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOffering to Divinity	W	uncommon	Artifact	22	W	2W	When Offering to Divinity enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.
At the beginning of your end step, if two or more creature died under your control this turn, return Offering to Divinity to its owner’s hand.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPurge Superstition	W	common	Instant	25	W	W	Destroy target Aura or Equipment.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEArdent Blacksmith	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	2	W	1W	Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on another creature you control, if it’s the first time +1/+1 counters have been put on that creature this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Ardent Blacksmith.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMENovice Witchfinder	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	21	WR	W	When Novice Witchfinder enters the battlefield, you may pay 2R. When you do, exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEKeen-Eyed Merchant	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	15	W	1W	Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Keen-Eyed Merchant.	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHarsh Inquistior	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	10	W	2W	Whenever Harsh Inquistior and at least two other creatures attack, Harsh Inquistior preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeeping Martyr	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	33	W	3W	[When Weeping Martyr enters the battlefield,] destroy target artifact or enchantment.
Sacrament 2W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWorm-Tongue Pontiff	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	34	W	4W	When Worm-Tongue Pontiff enters the battlefield, draw a card.
Worm-Tongue Pontiff’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control plus the number of creature cards you own in exile.	*/*		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEIskanter, Blighted Bishop	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	200	WB	1WB	Lifelink
Whenever a creature you control enters the battlefield or dies, Iskanter, Blighted Bishop deal 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMELiving Saint	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Avatar 	17	W	2W	Living Saint has flying and vigilance as long as a creature died this turn.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEYog's Scorn	B	uncommon	Sorcery	100	B	1B	Destroy target creature whose power and toughness aren’t equal.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECleave to Faith	W	uncommon	Sorcery	4	W	2W	Each creature you control preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECoven's Offering	WB	uncommon	Enchantment	184	WB	2/BW	(2/B can be paid with any two mana or with B. This card’s mana value is 3.)
When Coven’s Offering enters the battlefield, exile target creature or planeswalker until Coven’s Offering leaves the battlefield.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEVeneration of Relics	W	uncommon	Instant	31	W	W	Create a token that’s a copy of an Aura or Equipment you control. When you do attach it to target creature.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInquisitor's Carriage	W	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	13	W	1W	As long as Inquisitor’s Carriage is tapped, each player can’t cast more than one spell each turn.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEObsessive Alchemist	UR	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	206	UR	UR	Whenever Obsessive Alchemist becomes tapped, scry 1.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWitching Hour	U	common	Instant	66	U	UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control or pay 1.
Counter target spell.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWhat Happens in Secret	U	common	Instant	65	U	1U	Counter target artifact or creature spell unless its controller pays 3. If they do, that permanent enters the battlefield tapped with a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEEthereal Chains	U	common	Sorcery	44	U	U	Tap target creature. Put a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)
Invoke 2 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFrantic Scrawl	U	common	Instant	48	U	U	Draw a card.
Invoke 4 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThirst for Mirth	U	common	Instant	63	U	2U	Draw three cards. Then discard two cards unless you discard a green card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEKilling Joke	U	common	Instant	51	U	2U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand. Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECurious Specimen	U	common	Artifact — Equipment 	40	U	U	Flash
When Curious Specimen enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control. Untap that creature.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECovetous Whispers	U	common	Instant	38	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may tap an untapped creature you control.
Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is 2 plus the power of the tapped creature.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESerene Speculation	U	uncommon	Sorcery	58	U	2U	Search your library for up to three instant and/or sorcery cards, put them into your graveyard, then shuffle.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFrantic Musician	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	47	U	U	When Frantic Musician enters the battlefield, target artifact you control becomes an artifact creature with base power and toughness 3/2 for as long as Frantic Musician remains on the battlefield.	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECacophonous Fool	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Performer 	37	UG	1U	Flash
When Cacophonous Fool enters the battlefield, you may pay 1G. When you do, another creature you control deals damage equal to its power to up to one nonplayer target.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESharp-Tongued Merchant	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	59	U	2U	1, Tap two untapped artifacts you control: Draw a card.	2/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMERousing Innkeeper	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	57	U	3U	At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control with power 4 or greater gains “This creature can’t be blocked” until end of turn.	2/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMidnight Screecher	U	uncommon	Creature — Bat Beast 	56	U	4U	Flying
Midnight Screecher enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is twice the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.	0/0		normal	ARK		REPLACEMETrickster of Geesh	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	64	U	3U	When Trickster of Geesh enters the battlefield, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner’s hand. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, instead put that creature on top of its owner’s library.	2/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Stolen Shape	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Mutant Wizard 	220	UR	UR	Whenever you cast a spell from your graveyard, create a 1/1 blue and red Human Wizard creature token with prowess.	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFlense the Mind	UR	uncommon	Instant	192	UR	2/RU	(2/R can be paid with any two mana or with R. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Draw a card for each instant and sorcery spell you’ve cast this turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFooling Around	U	uncommon	Instant	45	U	3UU	Counter target spell. Create a 0/0 green Performer creature token and put X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of colors that spell wasn’t. 			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWitch's Sabbath	U	uncommon	Sorcery	67	U	U	Any number of target players each mill five cards.
Invoke 3 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEEldritch Engraving	U	uncommon	Artifact	43	U	1U	When Eldritch Engraving enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
4, T: Draw a card. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each spell your opponents have cast this turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShibboleth Amulet	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	60	U	U	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card. Then discard a card unless equipped creature’s power is 4 or greater.
Equip 1			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMask of Geesh	U	uncommon	Artifact	54	U	U	3, T: Put a stun counter on target nonland permanent.
3U: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBy the Light of the Moon	B	common	Instant	71	B	B	Target creature gets +2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFar from Pious Eyes	B	common	Instant	82	B	2B	Target opponent sacrifices a creature. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you gain 4 life.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEKnee Deep in the Dead	B	common	Sorcery	87	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or exile three creature cards from your graveyard.
Destroy target creature or planeswalker.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShadow of the Crypt	B	uncommon	Sorcery	92	B	2B	Occult B (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThy Flesh Consumed	B	common	Sorcery	95	B	2B	Occult 1B (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Target player discards two cards.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBlasphemous Howl	B	common	Instant	69	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control. When you do, each opponent loses 2 life.”			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECorrupting Smog	B	uncommon	Instant	76	B	B	Destroy target creature or planeswalker if its mana value is less than or equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFalse Pontiff	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	81	WB	B	When False Pontiff enters the battlefield, you may pay 1W. When you do, return target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
False Pontiff can’t block.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGregarious Butcher	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	84	B	1B	2, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.	1/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEStrict Innkeeper	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	93	B	2B	Whenever a creature you control with power 4 or greater dies, draw a card.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMoon-Blotter Nightwing	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Bat Horror 	88	B	3B	Flying
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature.
When you sacrifice Moon-Blotter Nightwing, each opponent loses 2 life.	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEIsolated Woodsman	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	86	B	4B	5B: Each opponent loses 2 life. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each creature card in your graveyard. Activate only once each turn.	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESullen Synod	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	94	B	1B	[When Sullen Synod enters the battlefield,] you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Sacrament B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEAvram Von, Hellseeker	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	167	BG	1BG	When Avram Von, Hellseeker enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. When you do, target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the sacrificed creature’s toughness.	2/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMERighteous Zeal	W	uncommon	Instant	27	W	1W	Destroy target non-Cleric, non-Inquisitor creature. Then if you don’t control an Inquisitor, that creature’s controller draws a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Horror Beyond	B	uncommon	Sorcery	85	B	4B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If that creature’s mana value is 4 or less, put two +1/+1 counters on it.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEEldritch Moon	B	uncommon	Sorcery	79	B	1BB	All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. At the beginning of the next end step, exile each opponent’s graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood Offering	B	common	Sorcery	96	B	B	Exile up to three target cards from a single graveyard. Create a 1/1 colorless Human Cleric creature token.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMETwisted Fealty	BG	uncommon	Sorcery	224	BG	2/GB	(2/G can be paid with any two mana or with G. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Search the top half of your library, rounded down, for a permanent card. Reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood Hunger	R	common	Instant	131	R	3R	Weepwood Hunger deals 4 damage to target creature. If you controlled a Mutant as you cast this spell, if that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMarch of the Flagellants	R	common	Sorcery	115	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.
Invoke 3 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBlood and Thunder	WR	common	Instant	170	WR	RW	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Blood and Thunder deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGathering of Witches	R	common	Instant	110	R	1R	Discard a card. If you do, draw two cards.
Invoke 2 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESacred Censer	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	126	R	R	Flash
When Sacred Censer enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has reach.
Equip 2			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForged in Faith	R	common	Instant	109	R	1R	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. Then it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEParanoid Fear	R	common	Sorcery	122	R	1R	Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.
Invoke 2 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEInto the Coven	R	uncommon	Sorcery	113	R	R	Create a 1/1 blue and red Human Wizard creature token with prowess.
Invoke 2 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFirebrand Orator	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	108	R	R	Whenever you cast your second noncreature spell each turn, target creature you control preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPersecuted Penitant	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mutant 	123	R	1R	T, Sacrifice Persecuted Penitant: Create two 1/1 colorless Human Cleric creature tokens.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMELonely Fisherman	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	114	R	2R	Mutant creatures you control get +1/+0 and have haste.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOminous Butcher	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	119	R	3R	Whenever a creature you control dies, Ominous Butcher deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMERitualist of Vo'Radh	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Mutant 	125	R	4R	2R, Discard a card: Draw a card.
Whenever you discard a card with invoke, you may add RRR. Do this only once each turn.	4/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEScholar of Secrets	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	127	UR	1R	When Scholar of Secrets enters the battlefield, you may pay 1U. When you do, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMetropolite Dmitry XII	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	204	WR	RW	Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, each creature you control preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEScourge the Soul	R	uncommon	Sorcery	129	R	1R	Scourge the Soul deals 3 damage to any nonplayer target. When that permanent dies this turn, exile its controller’s graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFiery Penance	WR	uncommon	Sorcery	191	WR	2/WR	(2/W can be paid with any two mana or with W. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Fiery Penance deals 2 damage to each creature.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMerciless Purge	R	uncommon	Sorcery	116	R	1R	Target creature you control preaches. Then it fights target creature you don’t control. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMystic Invocation	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	118	R	1R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has menace.
You may cast Mystic Invocation from your graveyard by tapping any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying its other costs.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWitchfinder's Scorn	R	uncommon	Instant	132	R	2R	Witchfinder’s Scorn deals 3 damage to target player. Whenever a creature attacks that player this turn, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPraise the Shifting Flame	R	uncommon	Sorcery	124	R	2RR	Destroy target artifact or land.
Invoke 6 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 6 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBlessing of Change	G	common	Instant	136	G	1G	Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBlessing of Geesh	UG	common	Sorcery	169	UG	GU	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, then proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMight of the Weepwood	G	common	Instant	155	G	G	Mill three cards. When you do, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWhispered Warning	G	common	Sorcery	165	G	2G	Occult G (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGift of Corvash	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	148	G	2G	Enchant creature
When Gift of Corvash enters the battlefield, if enchanted creature is a Mutant, draw a card.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has trample.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Danse Macabre	G	common	Sorcery	144	G	1G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to a nonplayer target you don’t control. If the target you don’t control has flying, destroy it instead.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESail into Despair	G	uncommon	Enchantment	158	G	G	Whenever a creature you control dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with lesser power.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood's Clutches	G	common	Instant	164	G	3G	Occult G (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMischievous Masque	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Performer Mutant 	156	G	G	Deathtouch
Mischievous Masque enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you have put a counter on another permanent this turn.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDour Fisherman	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	145	G	1G	Mutant creatures you control get +1/+0 and have trample.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFervent Blacksmith	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Townsfolk 	147	G	2G	If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBleating Blasphemy	G	uncommon	Creature — Beast Mutant 	135	BG	3G	When Bleating Blasphemy enters the battlefield, you may pay B. When you do, mill three cards.
Bleating Blasphemy’s power and toughness are each equal to the greatest toughness among creature cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	ARK		REPLACEMETincture Peddler	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	160	G	4G	Whenever Tincture Peddler attacks, if there are three or more creature cards in your graveyard, draw a card.	4/5		normal	ARK		REPLACEMELord of Savages	G	uncommon	Creature — Mutant Horror 	154	G	4GG	Occult 2GG (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Trample
If you cast Lord of Savages for its occult cost, it enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.	6/6		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGrinning Ringleader	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Performer 	150	G	XG	Grinning Ringleader enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.
Each other creature you control that’s a Clown, Performer, or Rogue gets +1/+1.	0/0		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGhiacci, the Great Joker	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Performer 	195	UG	1GU	When Ghiacci, the Great Joker enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature and a stun counter on up to one target tapped creature.
G/U, Sacrifice Ghiacci: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECarnival Procession	G	uncommon	Sorcery	138	G	1G	Look at the top five cards of your library. Put up a land card from among them onto the battlefield tapped and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. If you don’t put a land onto the battlefield this way, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECacophony of Flesh	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	171	UG	2/UG	(2/U can be paid with any two mana or with U. This card’s mana value is 3.)
Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control, except it’s a 0/0 green Performer. Put three +1/+1 counters on it.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMERoar of Strength	G	uncommon	Instant	157	G	1G	Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of permanents with counters on them on the battlefield. Untap it.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESift through the Bones	G	uncommon	Sorcery	159	G	2G	Occult G (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Sift through the Bones.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMELurking Witch	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	203	BG	2BG	Flying, vigilance	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWaterfierce Borderpost	UR	uncommon	Artifact	225	UR	1UR	You may pay 1 and return a basic land you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Waterfierce Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or R.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESolemn Heresiarch	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	218	WB	1WB	[When Solemn Heresiarch enters the battlefield,] target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.
Sacrament 1WB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMERotwater Borderpost	UG	uncommon	Artifact	209	UG	1GU	You may pay 1 and return a basic land you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Rotwater Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or U.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESoul of Wit	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	219	UG	GU	Choose two. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Tap target creature and put a stun counter on it. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFiercehallow Borderpost	WR	uncommon	Artifact	190	WR	1RW	You may pay 1 and return a basic land you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Fiercehallow Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or W.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHallowdark Borderpost	WB	uncommon	Artifact	197	WB	1WB	You may pay 1 and return a basic land you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Hallowdark Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or B.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGore Omen	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	196	UR	UR	Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and exile one of them. You may play the exiled card this turn.
Invoke 3 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDarkrot Borderpost	BG	uncommon	Artifact	186	BG	1BG	You may pay 1 and return a basic land you control to its owner’s hand rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
Darkrot Borderpost enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or G.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShriekhorn		common	Artifact	247	C	1	Shriekhorn enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it.
T, Remove a charge counter from Shriekhorn: Target player mills two cards.			normal	ARK		!tag reprintREPLACEMELeering Crowcatcher		common	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	243	C	3	2: Add one mana of any color.
3, T, Sacrifice Leering Crowcatcher: It deals 3 damage to any target. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMERag and Bone Cart		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	245	C	3	Whenever Rag and Bone Cart deals damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	2/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECultic Relic		common	Artifact — Equipment 	240	C	1	When equipped creature dies, create a 1/1 colorless Human Cleric creature token.
Equip nontoken creature 1			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEAnointed Reliquary		common	Artifact	238	C	2	2, T, Sacrifice Anointed Reliquary: Search your library for a permanent card with a mana ability, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECongregant's Cathedral		common	Land	248	C		T: Add C.
T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGnarled Backwoods		common	Land	257	BG		Gnarled Backwoods enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or G.
2BG, T, Sacrifice Gnarled Backwoods: Draw a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBolt of Vo'Radh	R	common	Sorcery	102	R	2R	Bolt of Vo’Radh deals 3 damage to any target.
Invoke 3 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		ArkophREPLACEMEDisciple of Vo'Radh	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	41	U	U	Disciple of Vo’Radh invokes spells as though its power were 2 greater.	1/2		normal	ARK		ArkophREPLACEMETeachings of Corvash	BG	rare	Sorcery	222	BG	1BG	You gain life equal to the greatest power among creatures you control, then you draw three cards and you lose 3 life.			normal	ARK		arkophREPLACEMEImposing Basilica		common	Land	259	WR		Imposing Basilica enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or W.
2RW, T, Sacrifice Imposing Basilica: Draw a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForbidden Library		common	Land	255	UR		Forbidden Library enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or R.
2UR, T, Sacrifice Forbidden Library: Draw a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMELand's End		common	Land	260	UG		Land’s End enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or U.
2GU, T, Sacrifice Land’s End: Draw a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOccult Chamber		common	Land	261	WB		Occult Chamber enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or B.
2WB, T, Sacrifice Occult Chamber: Draw a card.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEConsult the Sigils	B	common	Instant	75	B	3B	Occult 1B  (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Scry 2, then draw two cards. You lose 2 life.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMERitual of the Woods	BG	common	Sorcery	208	BG	2BG	Occult BG (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Destroy target creature or enchantment.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHuman Wizard	UR	common	Token Creature — Human Wizard 	6	UR		Prowess	1/1		token	ARK		REPLACEMEHuman Cleric		common	Token Creature — Human Cleric 	1	C			1/1		token	ARK		REPLACEMEHand of the Eagle	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Inquisitor 	198	WR	RW	When Hand of the Eagle enters the battlefield, it preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	263	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	265	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	267	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	268	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	271	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	262	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	264	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	266	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	269	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	270	C					normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPreach		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	8	C		Equipped creature has prowess.
Equip 2			token	ARK		REPLACEMETheonomarch Zofiya Cek	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	223	WR	3RW	If an ability of a red or white permanent you control triggers, that ability triggers an additional time.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of the Eagle		mythic	Legendary Artifact	239	C	4	If you would lose the game, instead exile Crypt of the Eagle, shuffle your graveyard into your library, and your life total becomes 1.
Players can’t cast battle or planeswalker spells and can’t roll the planar die.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEAcolyte of All Things	WB	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	228	WB	1W/B	Lifelink	2/2		normal	ARK		ArkophREPLACEMESavage Sacrament	WB	rare	Sorcery	211	WB	3WB	Destroy all creatures. If two or fewer creatures are destroyed this way, return up to one creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEChange and Be Merry	UG	rare	Sorcery	176	UG	3GU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a nonland permanent you control to its owner’s hand.
Search your library for a creature, instant, or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to the returned permanent’s mana value, exile that card, then shuffle. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECatechismal Lore	R	rare	Sorcery	103	R	XR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a white card from your hand. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
Destroy each artifact your opponents control with mana value X or less.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForbidden Ritual	U	mythic	Sorcery	46	U	4UU	Take an extra turn after this one.
If Forbidden Ritual would leave your graveyard and wasn’t invoked, exile it instead.
Invoke 6 (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 6 or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDelowe, Jester of Geesh	UG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Mutant Clown 	187	UG	2GU	When Delowe, Jester of Geesh enters the battlefield, each opponent gets a poison counter. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)
Whenever you attack with a blue creature and with a green creature, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESaint Goustun the Fair	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Mystic 	210	WB	3WB	Other white or black creatures you control get +1/+1.
Nonwhite, nonblack creatures get -1/-1.	3/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Black Goat of Weepwood	BG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Beast Mutant 	168	BG	2BG	Whenever a black or green creature you control dies, each opponent loses life equal to that creature’s power. This ability triggers only once each turn.
BG, Sacrifice a creature: The Black Goat of Weepwood gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEKristana, the Blood Gyre	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	201	UR	2UR	Blue and red instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard have invoke 3. (You may cast them from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or greater in addition to paying their other costs. When you cast a spell this way, exile it.)	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEGensis, Witchfinder General	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Inquisitor 	7	WR	2W	Vigilance
1R, T, Tap an untapped artifact you control: Target opponent may have you draw two cards. If they don’t, Gensis, Witchfinder General deals 4 to that player.	1/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEIcon of Sin	G	common	Artifact Creature — Sculpture 	153	G	5G	3G: Put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	6/4		normal	ARK		REPRINT (From AKI)REPLACEMEHuman Cleric		common	Token Creature — Human Cleric 	2	C			1/1		token	ARK		REPLACEMECarnival of Chaos	UG	mythic	Sorcery	175	UG	1GU	For each permanent you control, you may remove a counter from it. For each counter removed this way, create a 2/2 green and blue Mutant creature token.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMutant	UG	common	Token Creature — Mutant 	7	UG			2/2		token	ARK		REPLACEMEPerformer	G	common	Token Creature — Performer 	4	G			0/0		token	ARK		REPLACEMEBlasted Desolation	B	uncommon	Instant	70	B	2B	Choose one —
• Exile all creature cards from target player’s graveyard.
• Remove all counters from target permanent.
You gain 1 life for each card exiled or counter removed this way.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEAlchemical Lore	U	rare	Sorcery	35	U	XU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a red card from your hand. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
Exile target instant or sorcery card with mana value X or less from your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEComical Lore	G	rare	Sorcery	141	G	XG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a blue card from your hand. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
Target creature you control has base power and toughness X/X until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHeretical Lore	W	rare	Instant	11	W	XW	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a black card from your hand. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
Exile target creature or planeswalker with mana value X or less.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPrimal Lore	B	rare	Sorcery	91	B	XB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a green card from your hand. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
Return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHeretic's Amulet	G	uncommon	Artifact	152	G	XGG	Heretic’s Amulet enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
T: Add G for each charge counter on Heretic’s Amulet.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShrine of Shifting Flame	UR	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	217	UR	1UR	When Shrine of Shifting Flame enters the battlefield or whenever you attack, you may return up to one instant or sorcery card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShrine of Boundless Mirth	UG	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	213	UG	1GU	When Shrine of Boundless Mirth enters the battlefield or whenever you attack, create a 0/0 green Performer creature token then put X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShrine of Hushed Prayer	WB	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	214	WB	1WB	When Shrine of Hushed Prayer enters the battlefield or whenever you attack, return target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShrine of Inner Shadows	BG	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	215	BG	1BG	When Shrine of Inner Shadows enters the battlefield or whenever you attack, up to one target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn and up to one target player loses X life where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShrine of Martyred Blood	WR	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	216	WR	1RW	When Shrine of Martyred Blood enters the battlefield or whenever you attack, it deals X damage to any target and you gain X life, where X is the number of Shrines you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood Sovereign	B	rare	Creature — Mutant Warlock 	97	BG	1B	Occult 2BG (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Weepwood Sovereign can’t block.
You may cast Weepwood Sovereign from your graveyard for its occult cost.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Coming of the Eagle	WR	rare	Sorcery	177	WR	3RW	The Coming of the Eagle deals 4 damage to each nonplayer target. If it was cast from your hand and you’ve cast another spell named The Coming of the Eagle this game, search your library for an artifact or creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEThe Holy Fools	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Performer 	50	UG	2U	Vigilance
The Holy Fools gets +1/+0 for each other creature you control named The Holy Fools.
3G, T: Create a token that’s a copy of The Holy Fools, except it’s not legendary.	1/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEForsaken Chapel		rare	Land	256	C		As Forsaken Chapel enters the battlefield, choose two colors.
1, T: Add one mana of each of the chosen colors. Spend only one of the chosen colors of mana to activate this ability.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDivinity through Fire	R	rare	Sorcery	105	R	XR	Divinity through Fire deals X damage to any target. If a permanent deal damage this would would die this turn, exile it instead.
Invoke X (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power X or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEConfluence of Yog	WB	rare	Sorcery	182	WB	2WB	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
• Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.
• All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of Growth		rare	Land	250	UG		As Crypt of Growth enters the battlefield, exile a card from your hand face down.
T: Add G or U.
1, T: Return the exiled card to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHidden Heretic		rare	Creature — Human Peasant 	1	C	2	X, T, Sacrifice a Peasant: Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECult Uprising	R	rare	Enchantment	104	R	1R	Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 1/1 blue and red Human Wizard creature token with prowess.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEOminous Idol		rare	Artifact	244	C	2	Whenever a creature you control dies, put a doom counter on Ominous Idol.
As long as there are five or more doom counters on Ominous Idol, it’s a 5/5 Horror creature with menace.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMyth of Akhillos	W	rare	Artifact	19	W	W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a faith counter on Myth of Akhillos.
W: Until end of turn, Myth of Akhillos becomes a Bird Spirit creature with flying and gains “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of faith counters on it.”			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEConfluence of Vo'Radh	UR	rare	Sorcery	181	UR	3UR	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Draw two cards, then discard a card.
• Confluence of Vo’Radh deals damage to target creature equal to the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.
• Return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDiabolic Intent	B	rare	Sorcery	78	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	ARK		!tag reprintREPLACEMEConfluence of Akhillos	WR	rare	Sorcery	178	WR	RW	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Confluence of Akhillos deals 1 damage to any noncreature target.
• Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
• Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of Lies		rare	Land	251	WB		As Crypt of Lies enters the battlefield, exile a card from your hand face down.
T: Add W or B.
1, T: Return the exiled card to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEKeeper of Liturgy	W	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	16	W	2W	Creature cards in graveyards can’t enter the battlefield.
Cards in graveyards lose all abilities.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHeretical Grimoire		rare	Artifact	242	C	2	2, T: Exile the top two cards of your library. Target opponent chooses one. Put the chosen card into your hand and the other into your graveyard.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMESummoned Shapestealer	UR	rare	Creature — Illusion 	221	UR	3UR	You may have Summoned Shapestealer enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield. When you do, create a token that’s a copy of it.	0/0		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEScion of Akhillos	R	rare	Creature — Griffin 	128	R	2RR	Flying, haste
Whenever Scion of Akhillos attacks, creatures you control gain prowess until end of turn.	4/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECult Apprentice	G	rare	Creature — Human 	143	BG	G	B/G: Cult Apprentice becomes a Human Druid with base power and toughness 2/2.
B/GB/G: If Cult Apprentice is a Druid, put a deathtouch counter on it and it becomes a Human Druid Mutant with base power and toughness 3/3.
B/GB/GB/G: If Cult Apprentice is a Mutant, it gains “When this creature deals combat damage to a player, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand” until end of turn.	1/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEProwling Childcatcher	W	rare	Creature — Human Rogue 	24	W	1W	When Prowling Childcatcher enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls with mana value 2 or less until Prowling Childcatcher leaves the battlefield.	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHarvest Effigy	U	rare	Artifact	49	U	U	Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, put a harvest counter on Harvest Effigy.
1U, Sacrifice Harvest Effigy: Draw three cards. Then discard three cards if Harvest Effigy had three or fewer harvest counters on it.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECollector of Curiosities	B	rare	Creature — Human Advisor 	74	B	1BB	[When Collector of Curiosities enters the battlefield,] each opponent sacrifices a creature.
Sacrament 2BB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	2/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFaithbound Cloister		rare	Land	254	C		T: Add C.
4: Faithbound Cloister becomes a 3/3 Spirit creature with vigilance until end of turn. Spend only two colors of mana to activate this ability.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEConfluence of Geesh	UG	rare	Sorcery	180	UG	6GU	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.
• Draw a card for each creature you control with a counter on it.
• Double the number of each kind of counter on any number of creatures you control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrisis of Faith	W	rare	Instant	5	W	W	Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDivinity through Blood	U	rare	Sorcery	42	U	XUU	Draw X cards, then discard a card.
Invoke X (You may cast this card from your graveyard by tapping any number of creatures you control with total power X or greater in addition to paying its other costs. Then exile this card.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECarrion Gorger	B	rare	Creature — Bat Horror 	72	B	3BB	Occult 3B (You may cast this for its occult cost if a creature you control died this turn.)
Flying
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, creatures you opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of Penance		rare	Land	252	WR		As Crypt of Penance enters the battlefield, exile a card from your hand face down.
T: Add R or W.
1, T: Return the exiled card to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEUnspeakable Progeny	G	rare	Creature — Mutant Horror 	161	G	3GG	When Unspeakable Progeny enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 green Human Peasant creature token.
Unspeakable Progeny has hexproof and trample as long as you control a Peasant.	5/5		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEProfane Penitent	W	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	23	W	XWW	[When Profane Penitent enters the battlefield,] search your library for an enchantment card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
Sacrament XXW (You may cast this from your graveyard for its sacrament cost. If you do, it’s a sorcery without the text in square brackets. Exile it when it resolves.)	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEStolen Apocrypha	U	rare	Sorcery	62	U	2UU	Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the total number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. If X would be two or less, instead scry 2 then draw two cards.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEDeath Cult	B	rare	Creature — Human Rogue 	77	B	1BB	Menace
Whenever Death Cult deals combat damage to a player, put target creature card with mana value X or less from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control, where X is the amount of damage Death Cult dealt to that player.	1/3		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESuffer Not the Witch	R	rare	Enchantment	130	R	2R	Whenever a source you control deals noncombat damage to a player, target creature you control preaches. (Either put a +1/+1 counter on it, or create an Equipment token attached to it with “Equipped creature has prowess” and equip 2.)			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of Filth		rare	Land	249	BG		As Crypt of Filth enters the battlefield, exile a card from your hand face down.
T: Add B or G.
1, T: Return the exiled card to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMELegacy of Mutation	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	53	U	1U	Enchant creature
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a mutation counter on Legacy of Mutation.
As long as Legacy of Mutation has three or more mutation counters on it, you control enchanted creature and it gets +1/+1.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEConfluence of Corvash	BG	rare	Sorcery	179	BG	3BG	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Each player sacrifices a creature.
• Creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures that died this turn.
• Return up to two creature cards with total mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEBarsil, Learned Heretic	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	101	UR	3R	Whenever Barsil, Learned Heretic becomes tapped, exile the top two cards of your library. You may play one of them this turn.
1U: Until end of turn, you may play a card exiled with Barsil.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECino of the Gallow's Fen	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	140	BG	1G	Trample
B: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Cino of the Gallow’s Fen and each opponent loses 1 life.	2/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrypt of Potential		rare	Land	253	UR		As Crypt of Potential enters the battlefield, exile a card from your hand face down.
T: Add U or R.
1, T: Return the exiled card to your hand. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECryptic Grotesque	U	rare	Creature — Gargoyle 	39	U	2U	Cryptic Grotesque has hexproof as long as it’s untapped.
Tap an untapped artifact or creature you control: Cryptic Grotesque gains flying until end of turn.	3/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECilebios, Arch-Cantor	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	73	WB	B	Whenever another creature dies, Cilebios, Arch-Cantor gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
1W, T, Sacrifice Cilebios: Create an X/X white and black Horror creature token with flying, where X is Cilebios’ power.	1/2		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEMidnight Rite	R	rare	Sorcery	117	R	2R	Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile an instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less. Copy that card twice, and you may cast the copies without paying their mana costs. Put the other cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWeepwood Flow	G	rare	Sorcery	163	G	4G	Put all land cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield tapped under your control.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHorror	WB	common	Token Creature — Horror 	5	WB		Flying	*/*		token	ARK		REPLACEMEErythrogoyf	G	rare	Creature — Lhurgoyf 	146	G	2G	When Erythrogoyf enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, put that card into your graveyard, then shuffle.
Erythrogoyf’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHuman Peasant	G	common	Token Creature — Human Peasant 	3	G			1/1		token	ARK		REPLACEMEBeyond the North Winds	G	rare	Sorcery	134	G	6GG	Look at the top six cards of your library. You may put any number of permanents with total mana value 10 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEPilgrimage of Sin	B	mythic	Enchantment	90	B	1BB	Whenever you draw a card, you lose 1 life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, put a damnation counter on Pilgrimage of Sin, then draw a card for each damnation counter on Pilgrimage of Sin.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMELord of the Woods	BG	mythic	Creature — Human Rogue 	202	BG	1BG	If you would draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, you may instead return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/1		normal	ARK		REPLACEMECrawling Canopy	G	mythic	Creature — Plant Horror 	142	G	XXG	Vigilance, trample
Crawling Canopy enters the battlefield with three times X +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	ARK		REPLACEMESpeak No Evil	W	mythic	Enchantment	30	W	1W	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if it isn’t their turn, put a mute counter on Speak No Evil.
Spells a player casts during a turn other than their own cost 1 more to cast for each mute counter on Speak No Evil.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEProcession of Souls	WB	mythic	Sorcery	207	WB	3WB	Exchange your graveyard and library. Then shuffle your library. You may put a card from your hand on top of your library. Exile Procession of Souls.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMECardinal Sin	WR	mythic	Sorcery	174	WR	1RW	Until end of turn, if a source you control would deal damage to a player or permanent, it deals double that damage instead.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, Cardinal Sin deals X damage to you, where X is the total amount damage dealt by sources you control this turn.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEWrack the Mind	UR	mythic	Sorcery	227	UR	3UR	Each player exiles all instant and sorcery cards from their graveyard, then reveals their hand and discards all instant and sorcery cards revealed this way, then puts all cards they exiled this way into their hand. Exile Wrack the Mind.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFall from Grace	R	mythic	Enchantment	106	R	1RRR	If a source you control would deal less than 3 damage to a player or permanent, it deals 3 damage to that player or permanent instead.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEFolk Altar		mythic	Artifact	241	C	6	As Folk Altar enters the battlefield, choose two colors.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each of the chosen colors they are.
Whenever you basic land is tapped for mana of one of the chosen colors, add an additional one mana of that color.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEHole in the World		mythic	Land	258	C		T: Add C.
3, T: Look at the top card of your library. If that card is exactly two colors, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.			normal	ARK		REPLACEMEShield of Church and State		mythic	Artifact — Equipment 	246	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+3 and has hexproof from red and from white.
Whenever equipped creature blocks or becomes blocked, exile up to one target creature card and up to one target noncreature card from your graveyard and copy them. You may cast the copies.
Equip 3			normal	ARK		!tag megacycle
!tag shieldREPLACEMECreation Myth	WUBRG	mythic	Sorcery	185	WUBRG	WUBRG	Each player chooses up to five permanents they control, then shuffles the rest, their hands, and their graveyards into their library, then draws five cards. Each player’s life total becomes 10. Exile Creation Myth.			normal	ARK		REPLACEME