Savage Gatherer	B	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	118	B	B	When Savage Gatherer dies, if it was enchanted or equipped, draw a card.	1/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEYanamo Hunter	B	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	132	B	1B		2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEndure the Winter		common	Sorcery	7	C	3	Create a tapped 3/3 green Rhino creature token. Put a vigilance counter on it if C was spent to cast this spell.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEYanamo Trapper	B	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	133	B	1B	When Yanamo Trapper dies, choose one —
• Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.
• Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESabretooth Stalker	B	common	Creature — Cat 	117	B	2B	Deathtouch
Trophy 1B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has deathtouch.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMournful Cavepainter	B	common	Creature — Human Peasant 	110	B	2B	When Mournful Cavepainter enters the battlefield, if another creature died this turn, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETribeless Hermit	B	common	Creature — Human Druid 	126	B	3B	Tribeless Hermit gets +2/+0 as long as an artifact or creature has been put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHardy Mammoth	B	common	Creature — Elephant 	105	B	3B	2B: Tap Hardy Mammoth or enchanted creature. It gains indestructible until end of turn. Activate only outside of combat.
Trophy B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFearless Hunter	B	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	104	B	4B	Menace
When Fearless Hunter enters the battlefield, mill three cards. Put a +1/+1 counter on Fearless Hunter if a creature card is milled this way.	3/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECarrion Devourer	B	common	Creature — Cat 	98	B	5B	Whenever an artifact or creature you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life.	6/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECautious Tracker	G	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	176	G	G	When Cautious Tracker enters the battlefield, up to one other Hunter you control get +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBirth of Superstition		common	Enchantment — Aura 	3	C	2	Enchant creature
When Birth of Superstition enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimal Trapper	G	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	197	G	1G	C: Primal Trapper gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEToolcraft Apprentice	G	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	206	G	2G	When Toolcraft Apprentice enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESullen Mystic	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	205	G	2G	When Sullen Mystic enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
T: Add C.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunt Leader	G	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	186	G	2G	Vigilance, trample
When Hunt Leader enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKuzam Artisan	G	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	189	G	3G	G, T: Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKuzam Wolftamer	G	common	Creature — Human Ranger 	191	G	3G	When Kuzam Wolftamer enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEOrnery Megatherium	G	common	Creature — Beast 	195	G	4G	Trample
Trophy 1G (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has trample.	5/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEApex Snapper	G	common	Creature — Crocodile 	174	G	4GG	Trample
Apex Snapper enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if CC was spent to cast it.	6/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHardy Goliath	G	common	Creature — Rhino 	184	G	5G	Hardy Goliath enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if CC was spent to cast it.
Hardy Goliath can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.	5/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDoomed Tracker	R	common	Creature	146	R	R	Haste
T, Sacrifice Doomed Tracker: Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncient Carving		common	Creature — Construct 	2	C	C	When Ancient Carving dies, draw a card.	0/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEChampion of the Amatar	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	143	R	1R	Haste
Champion of the Amatar gets +1/+0 as long as it’s equipped.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESkittering Snapper	R	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	160	R	1R	Reach, haste	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFierce Hunter	R	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	149	R	2R	Haste
Whenever Fierce Hunter attacks, you may pay C. If you do, Fierce Hunter deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.	3/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAmatar Outcast	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	136	R	2R	When Amatar Outcast enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunted Predator	R	common	Creature — Cat 	152	R	3R	When Hunted Predator dies, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	4/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAmatar Beast-Speaker	R	common	Creature — Human Shaman 	134	R	3R	When Amatar Beast-Speaker enters the battlefield, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, it gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMammoth Trackers	R	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	155	R	4R	When Mammoth Trackers enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Mammoth Trackers gets +3/+0 and has haste as long as you’ve created a token this turn.	2/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAntediluvian Snapper	R	common	Creature — Beast 	137	R	4R	Trample
Antediluvian Snapper has haste as long as you control a creature with base power 2 or less.	4/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAcuno Seer	U	common	Creature — Human 	61	U	2U	When Acuno Seer enters the battlefield, target player mills three cards.
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAcuno Elder	U	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	60	U	1U	3, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.	1/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFledgling Raptor	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	75	U	U	Fledgling Raptor gets +1/+1 and has flying as long as you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEShoreline Pterodon	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	86	U	2U	Flying
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECareful Ambusher	U	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	69	U	1U	Flash
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPatient Tracker	U	common	Creature — Human Hunter 	83	U	3U	Patient Tracker can’t be blocked as long as you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETransitional Taxon	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur Bird 	90	U	3U	Flying
Transitional Taxon enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if CC was spent to cast it.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFrostcave Lion	U	common	Creature — Cat 	76	U	4U	When Frostcave Lion enters the battlefield, if C was spent to cast it, draw a card.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEOpportunistic Deathclaw	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	82	U	5U	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact and/or creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	5/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHardy Wolverine	W	common	Creature — Wolverine 	33	W	W	First strike
Trophy W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has first strike.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEArcane Wing	W	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	21	W	W	Flying
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMELanoa Youngblood	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	40	W	1W	Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECave Skulker	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	142	R	1R	Cave Skulker has first strike as long as it’s equipped.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimeval Pinion	W	common	Creature — Dinosaur 	42	W	1W	Flying
3W: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESerene Stag	W	common	Creature — Elk 	47	W	2W	Lifelink
Trophy W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has lifelink.	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGiant Harrier	W	common	Creature — Bird 	30	W	2W	Flying
Trophy 1W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has flying.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPouncing Hyena	W	common	Creature — Hyena 	41	W	2W	Flash
1, Sacrifice Pouncing Hyena: Destroy target artifact or enchantment	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMELanoa Truthspeaker	W	common	Creature — Human Cleric 	39	W	3W	When Lanoa Truthspeaker enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life if you control another creature with base power 2 or less.	2/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWandering Outcast	W	common	Creature — Human Nomad 	57	W	3W	When Wandering Outcast enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.
Wandering Outcast has resilience as long as it’s enchanted. (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESmilodon Pack	W	common	Creature — Cat 	49	W	3WW	Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStubborn Ceros	W	common	Creature — Rhino 	51	W	5W	When Stubborn Ceros enters the battlefield, return target creature card with base power 2 or less from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETracks in the Snow	W	common	Instant	54	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or equipped creature.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFace the Fire	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	29	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack, block, or be the target of equip abilities.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESavagery of the Wild	W	common	Instant	46	W	2W	Destroy target creature if it’s enchanted, equipped, or has a counter on it.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETriumph of the Tribe	W	common	Instant	56	W	1W	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If that creature has vigilance, it gains lifelink until end of turn. Otherwise, untap it.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDaubed Memorial	W	uncommon	Enchantment	26	W	2W	Whenever you cast an Aura spell that targets a Human you control, copy that spell. (The copy becomes a token.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunting Tactics	W	common	Sorcery	35	W	W	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Each creature you control with base power 2 or less gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEchoing Peace	W	common	Instant	28	W	2W	Destroy target artifact or enchantment and all other permanents with the same name as that permanent.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERugged Survivor	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Nomad 	45	W	W	When Rugged Survivor dies, if it was enchanted, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card with base power 2 or less from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESlavering Hyena	W	uncommon	Creature — Hyena 	48	W	1W	Double strike
Trophy 2W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has double strike.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEChampion of the Lanoa	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	24	W	WW	First strike
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEQueen of the Pride	W	uncommon	Creature — Cat 	43	W	2W	Flash
Trophy 1W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature gets +3/+2.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBesieged Goliath	W	uncommon	Creature — Rhino 	22	W	3WW	When Besieged Goliath enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, it deals 3 damage to up to one target tapped creature and you gain 3 life.	5/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMELanoa Paragon	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	38	W	1WW	Whenever Lanoa Paragon enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to up to one target tapped creature.
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunt-Band Leader	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	34	W	1WW	Whenever an Aura becomes attached to Hunt-Band Leader, create a 2/1 white Human Hunter creature token. 	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETriumph of the Hunt	W	uncommon	Instant	55	W	1W	Triumph of the Hunt deals damage equal to the number of creatures you control to target creature or planeswalker. Count each creature you control with base power 2 or less as two creatures.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESpine of the Tyrant Lizard	W	uncommon	Artifact	50	W	2W	When Spine of the Tyrant Lizard enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Spine of the Tyrant Lizard leaves the battlefield.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETimeless Patience	W	uncommon	Enchantment	53	W	1W	When Timeless Patience enters the battlefield, you may exile up to one target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECling to the Past	W	uncommon	Enchantment	25	W	W	Artifact spells and colorless spells cost 1 more to cast.
Activated abilities of artifacts and colorless permanents cost 1 more to activate unless they’re mana abilities.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAurora Mystic	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	66	U	1U	T: Add C. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell or activate abilities of noncreature permanents.	1/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBleak Winter	U	common	Instant	67	U	1U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or pay U.
Counter target spell.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWinter's Hardship	U	common	Instant	93	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2 or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAching Weariness	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	58	U	U	Enchant creature
When Aching Weariness enters the battlefield, you may pay 1C. If you do, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEThirst for Invention	U	uncommon	Instant	89	U	2U	Draw two cards. Then discard two cards unless you sacrifice an artifact.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEvolution of Language		common	Sorcery	8	C	4	Draw two cards. Then discard a card unless C was spent to cast this spell.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEndure Hardship	U	common	Sorcery	74	U	2U	The owner of target nonland permanent puts it on the top or bottom of their library.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMigratory Patterns	U	common	Sorcery	80	U	1U	Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.
Draw a card.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERemembered in Paint	U	common	Instant	84	U	1U	Tap target nonland permanent. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step. If C was spent to cast this spell, instead return that permanent to its owner’s hand.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAltar of the Acuno	U	uncommon	Artifact	62	U	1U	When Altar of the Acuno enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, scry 1, then draw a card.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESlippery Muckfeeder	U	uncommon	Creature — Fish Beast 	87	U	U	Ward 2
Trophy U (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has ward 2.	1/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWily Dimetrodon	U	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur Beast 	92	U	1U	1C: Choose one —
• Wily Dimetrodon gains hexproof until end of turn.
• Wily Dimetrodon can’t be blocked this turn.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAmbush Tyrant	U	uncommon	Creature — Crocodile 	63	U	1UU	When Ambush Tyrant enters the battlefield, tap up to one target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEchoing Pterodactyl	U	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	72	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever a nontoken artifact or creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 2C. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that permanent.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBreaching Relict	U	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	68	U	3UU	When Breaching Relict enters the battlefield, for each player, exile up to one target nonland permanent that player controls not named Breaching Relict. Return the exiled permanents to the battlefield under their owners’ control at the beginning of the next end step.	5/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMENecromancer's Influence	U	uncommon	Enchantment	81	U	U	Whenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, put a bone counter on Necromancer’s Influence.
U: Until end of turn, Necromancer’s Influence becomes a X/X Skeleton creature with vigilance, where X is the number of bone counters on it.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAcuno Chieftain	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	59	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or pay 2.
1C: Acuno Chieftain gets +1/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECarved Idols	U	common	Artifact	70	U	U	When you cast this spell, copy it. (The copy becomes a token.)
2, Sacrifice Carved Idols: Draw a card.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECave Painting		uncommon	Sorcery	4	C	3C	Put target artifact card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERimebound Totem	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	85	U	1U	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.
Equip 2 or C			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEIsolated Idol	U	uncommon	Artifact	79	U	U	4, T: Tap target artifact, creature, or land. If CC was spent to activate this ability, that permanent doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBog Offering	B	common	Sorcery	97	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Exile target creature or planeswalker.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDrown in Tar	B	common	Sorcery	102	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. As long as you’ve created a token this turn, if that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWash Ashore	B	common	Sorcery	128	B	2B	Target player sacrifices a creature.
Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEContested Kill	B	common	Instant	99	B	2BB	Destroy target creature or enchantment you don’t control. If its mana value was 3 or less, its controller loses 2 life.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEThe Land Gives and Takes	B	common	Instant	109	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.
Draw two cards and craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEScavenger's Bounty	B	common	Sorcery	120	B	1B	Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunt the Mighty	B	common	Sorcery	107	B	2B	Target player discards two cards. Then if you’ve created a token this turn, exile that player’s graveyard.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPredator's Ambush	B	common	Instant	114	B	1B	Target creature you control gains deathtouch and indestructible until end of turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESlow Extinction	B	uncommon	Sorcery	123	B	3B	Slow Extinction deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life. If CC was spent to cast it, instead Slow Extinction deals 4 damage and you gain 4 life.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEScavenger Crow	B	uncommon	Creature — Bird 	119	B	B	Flying
Trophy 1B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEYanamo Far-Rover	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	131	B	1B	When Yanamo Far-Rover enters the battlefield, craft a tool, then target player loses life equal to the number of tokens you’ve created this turn. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESkulking Pack	B	uncommon	Creature — Hyena 	122	B	2B	When Skulking Pack or enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Trophy 3B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESinger of the Bone Song	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	121	B	2BB	1B, T, Sacrifice Singer of the Bone Song: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of Hunters you control.	4/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMourning Ape	B	uncommon	Creature — Ape 	111	B	4B	Flash
When Mourning Ape enters the battlefield, return to the battlefield target creature card put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEYanamo Entomber	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	130	B	1BB	When Yanamo Entomber  enters the battlefield, search your library for a card, put that card into your graveyard, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMENecromancer's Presence	B	uncommon	Sorcery	112	B	4B	Exile target card in a graveyard. Create an X/X black Skeleton creature token, where X is the exiled card’s mana value.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunt for Sport	B	uncommon	Instant	106	B	1B	Destroy target creature or enchantment you don’t control with mana value 3 or less.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDredge the Bones	B	uncommon	Sorcery	101	B	4B	Return target creature card from a graveyard to the battlefield under your control. If its mana value is 4 or less, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWailing Grief	B	uncommon	Sorcery	127	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the sacrificed creature’s mana value.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPillar of Skulls	B	uncommon	Artifact	113	B	3B	At the beginning of your upkeep, each player discards a card. For each opponent who discarded a card that shares a card type with the card you discarded, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunter's Desperation	B	uncommon	Instant	108	B	2B	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve created a token this turn.
You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMonument to Folly		rare	Enchantment	9	C	1C	If a card would be put into an opponent’s graveyard from anywhere, exile it instead.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESpearfishing	R	common	Instant	164	R	2R	Spearfishing deals 3 damage to any target. If you’ve created a token this turn, it deals 4 damage instead.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEArmed Encounter	R	common	Sorcery	139	R	2R	Armed Encounter deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Equipment you control.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEOpportunistic Theft	R	uncommon	Sorcery	157	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. If you control another creature with base power 2 or less, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimordial Music		common	Instant	12	C	2	Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If C was spent to cast this spell, they get +1/+2 until end of turn instead.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAmatar Migration	R	common	Instant	135	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Draw a card. Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStonehead Bow	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	166	R	R	Whenever Stonehead Bow becomes attached to a creature or equipped creature attacks, Stonehead Bow deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.
Equip 3			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECircling Threat	R	common	Instant	144	R	R	Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn. If that creature has base power 2 or less, scry 1.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEVisions in Smoke	R	common	Sorcery	169	R	1R	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESocial Dynamic	R	common	Sorcery	162	R	1R	Craft two tools (Create two tokens that are each either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESpeaker of the Five Tribes	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	163	R	R	4R, T, Sacrifice Speaker of the Five Tribes: Speaker of the Five Tribes deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker. Activate only if you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWeaver of Hides	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	170	R	RR	When Weaver of Hides enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Whenever Weaver of Hides attacks, you may pay C. If you do, attach an equipment you control to it.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMELurking Carnivore	R	uncommon	Creature — Crocodile 	153	R	2R	You may cast Lurking Carnivore as though it had flash as long as you’ve created a token this turn.	4/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECave Intruder	R	uncommon	Creature — Beast 	141	R	2RR	Whenever Cave Intruder attacks, up to one other target creature gets +2/+0 and gains menace until end of turn.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunted Moa	R	uncommon	Creature — Bird Beast 	151	R	3RR	Reach
When Hunted Moa dies, craft a tool for each other creature you control. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	5/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrey Snatcher	R	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	159	R	2R	Haste
Whenever Prey Snatcher attacks, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until the end of your next turn.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPouncing Thylacoleo	R	uncommon	Creature — Wombat Beast 	158	R	2R	Haste
When Pouncing Thylacoleo enters the battlefield, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Trophy R (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has haste.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBask	R	uncommon	Sorcery	140	R	1R	Bask deals 3 damage to any target. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, it deals 4 damage instead.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStolen Fire	R	uncommon	Sorcery	165	R	1RR	Stolen Fire deals 2 damage to each creature that isn’t equipped.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStone Workshop		uncommon	Land	257	C		T: Add C.
4, T: Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESkullcrusher Knife	R	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	161	R	R	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.
Whenever equipped creature becomes blocked, you may unattach Skullcrusher Knife. If you do, equipped creature deals 2 damage to each creature blocking it.
Equip 3			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMemories of the Amatar	R	uncommon	Enchantment	156	R	3R	Whenever a creature you control with base power 2 or less attacks, Memories of the Amatar deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGlacier's Edge	R	uncommon	Sorcery	150	R	3R	Destroy target artifact or land. If C was spent to cast Glacier’s Edge, it deals 2 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStone Axe	G	common	Artifact — Equipment 	203	G	2G	Flash
When Stone Axe enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip 3			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKnap	G	common	Instant	188	G	G	Craft a tool, then you may attach an Equipment you control to target creature you control. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECommune with the Tribe	G	common	Sorcery	178	G	G	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETrusty Spear	G	common	Artifact — Equipment 	207	G	G	Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has trample.
Equip 2			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPatient Shot	G	common	Instant	196	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may unattach an equipment from a creature you control.
Patient Shot deals 3 damage to target creature with flying. If the additional cost was paid, instead destroy that creature.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESage of the Kill	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter Druid 	201	G	1G	T: Add C.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESimple Firesong	G	common	Instant	202	G	1G	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Destroy up to two target artifact tokens.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMELanguid Leopard	G	uncommon	Creature — Cat 	192	G	G	When Languid Leopard enters the battlefield, you may pay C. If you do, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEVine-Clad Prowler	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	208	G	GG	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 1. If you do, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimordial Siltwader	G	uncommon	Creature — Salamander 	198	G	1GG	When Primordial Siltwader enters the battlefield, if there are four or more card types among permanents you control, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMELurking Titanoboa	G	uncommon	Creature — Snake 	193	G	2GG	Flash
This spell can’t be countered.
Whenever you spend C to cast a creature spell, that spell can’t be countered.	4/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEArchaeotherium	G	uncommon	Creature — Hippo Beast 	175	G	3GG	C, Sacrifice Archaeotherium: Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact or enchantment.
• Return target noncreature permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	6/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEImplacable Herd	G	uncommon	Creature — Elephant 	187	G	4GG	Implacable Herd can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to Implacable Herd by Humans and by equipped creatures.	7/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEProwling Tracker	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	199	G	2G	As long as Prowling Tracker is equipped, Hunters you control have deathtouch.
Whenever another Hunter enters the battlefield under your control, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	1/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPassage of Time		uncommon	Instant	10	C	C	Exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEVisage of the Wild	G	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	209	G	G	Whenever equipped creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, it gains trample until end of turn.
Equip 3			normal	SSF		REPLACEMENatural Hierarchy	G	uncommon	Sorcery	194	G	2G	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. If excess damage is dealt, create an X/X green Dinosaur creature token, where X is the excess damage dealt.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECherished Honeycomb	G	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	177	G	2G	Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and has vigilance.
Equip 2G			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncient Recollection	G	uncommon	Sorcery	173	G	G	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2 or C.
Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDiscovery of Technique	BR	uncommon	Enchantment	217	BR	BR	B/R, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Whenever you create a token, Discovery of Technique deals 1 damage to each opponent. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAcuno Tracker	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Ranger 	210	WU	2WU	Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)
Other attacking creatures you control with vigilance get +1/+1.	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETribal Chronicler	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	234	UB	1UB	Whenever an artifact or creature you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —
• Scry 2.
• Draw a card.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKuzam Champion	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	225	RG	RG	Equipped creatures you control have haste and trample.
Whenever Kuzam Champion deals combat damage to an opponent, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	3/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunt-Song Warchief	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	221	WG	1GW	At the beginning of combat on your turn, as long as there are four or more card types among permanents you control, you may have target creature get +2/+2 and gain lifelink until end of turn.	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETundra Sovereign	WB	rare	Creature — Elk 	235	WB	1WB	Lifelink, deathtouch
Trophy 3WB (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creatures you control have lifelink and deathtouch.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFerocious Raptor	UR	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	219	UR	1UR	Menace
When Ferocious Raptor deals combat damage to a player, draw a card. Then discard a card unless you control a creature with power 4 or greater.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECunning Exemplar	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	216	BG	BG	Other Hunters you control get +1/+1 and have deathtouch.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHunting Camp	WR	uncommon	Enchantment	222	WR	1RW	When Hunting Camp enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 white Wolf creature token.
Creatures you control with base power 2 or less get +1/+0.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStone Scavenger		common	Artifact Creature — Fox 	245	C	2	When Stone Scavenger dies, add C.
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEIgneous Sabertooth		common	Artifact Creature — Cat 	241	C	3	When Igneous Sabertooth dies, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWandering Granite		common	Artifact Creature — Elemental 	247	C	6	When Wandering Granite enters the battlefield, exile up to two target cards in a single graveyard. If CC was spent to cast Wandering Granite, instead exile all cards in that graveyard.	5/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFlint Dagger		common	Artifact — Equipment 	240	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Equip 2			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncient Manalith		common	Artifact	237	C	3	T: Add C or one mana of any color.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESoul of Fire		rare	Legendary Artifact	244	C	2	When Soul of Fire enters the battlefield, search your library for a card named Bones of the Earth or a card named Timeless Heartwood, reveal it, shuffle, then put it on top of your library.
Tap two untapped artifacts you control: Soul of Fire deals 1 damage to each opponent.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETool		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	7	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0
Equip 1			token	SSF		REPLACEMETool		common	Token Artifact	8	C		Sacrifice this artifact: Add C.			token	SSF		REPLACEMEDour Megalith		common	Land	250	B		Dour Megalith enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFallen Sentinel		common	Land	251	G		Fallen Sentinel enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFrozen River		common	Land	252	U		Frozen River enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPortal Tomb		common	Land	255	W		Portal Tomb enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEScoured Bluffs		common	Land	256	R		Scoured Bluffs enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEIntrusive Intent	U	rare	Sorcery	78	U	1U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.
Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEElder Storyteller	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	218	UG	1GU	Vigilance
G/U, T: Add CC.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESSF Draft Archetypes		common		9	WUBRG		WU RESILIENCE Young warriors attack early before returning to guard the tribe.
UB SACRIFICE Life is harsh. Survive where others don’t.
BR TOOLCRAFT Show your strength by creating a steady stream of tokens.
RG EQUIPMENT Sharpen your tools for the hunt and bring down your foe.
GW CARD TYPES Gather cards of many types to broaden your options.
WB AURAS Great beasts are hunted for their hides, their tusks, and your victory.
BG HUNTERS The many hands of your Hunter creatures bring down large prey.
GU COLORLESS Ancient tools and tribal magic power your spells.
UR FEROCIOUS Might makes right with creatures with power 4 or greater.
RW WEENIES Base power 2 or less is no obstacle when you works together.			token	SSF		REPLACEMEStubborn Denial	U	uncommon	Instant	88	U	U	Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 1.
If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, counter that spell instead.			normal	SSF		!tag reprintREPLACEMEQuernstone		rare	Artifact	243	C	3	X, T: Target player mills X cards. If at least five C was spent to activate this ability, instead that player mills twice X cards.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESearch for Fire		common	Sorcery	16	C	C	Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEResourceful Savage	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Hunter 	231	WB	WB	Whenever you cast an Aura spell or whenever an enchanted creature you control dies, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMERhino	G	common	Token Creature — Rhino 	6	G			3/3		token	SSF		REPLACEMEQirauz, Architect of Worlds	WUB	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Qirauz 	228	WUB	WUB			As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.
[+1]: Draw a card. Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.
[-X]: Put an artifact or creature card from your hand with mana value X or less onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	SSF	X	REPLACEMEGlaciation	W	rare	Sorcery	31	W	3WW	Destroy all artifacts and creatures.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWorld in Shadow	B	rare	Sorcery	129	B	1B	Exile target nonland, nonartifact permanent an opponent controls. You lose life equal to its mana value.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEmbers of Hope	G	mythic	Sorcery	179	G	XGG	Search your library for a green creature or planeswalker card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield with an additional X +1/+1 or loyalty counters on it, then shuffle. 			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDreams of the Hunter	W	rare	Sorcery	27	W	XW	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each Aura you control.
Create X 1/1 white Wolf creature tokens.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWolf	W	common	Token Creature — Wolf 	2	W			1/1		token	SSF		REPLACEMERaukell, the Neolith	UBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Raukell 	230	UBR	UBR			[+1]: Craft a tool.
[0]: Raukell, the Neolith deals damage to target creature equal to the number of loyalty counters on her. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Raukell.
[-7]: You get an emblem with “Artifacts and creatures you control have indestructible.”	planeswalker	SSF	4	REPLACEMEAmnia, Shaper of Stone	BRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	211	BRG	2BRG	When Amnia, Shaper of Stone enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
If an effect would create one or more artifact tokens under your control, it creates three times that many of those tokens instead.	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETranquil Expanse	WRG	mythic	Enchantment	233	WRG	RGW	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a lure counter on Tranquil Expanse, then you may put a nonland permanent card with mana value equal to or less than the number of lure counters on Tranquil Expanse from your hand onto the battlefield.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKoware, Lanoa Chieftan	WUG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	224	WUG	GWU	If an opponent would create one or more tokens, instead you and that player each create half that many of those tokens, rounded up.	3/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESturdy Pangolin	G	uncommon	Creature — Pangolin 	204	G	XG	Sturdy Pangolin enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it. When it does, if at least CCC was spent to cast it, it fights up to one target creature you don’t control.	0/0		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDawn of Time		mythic	Sorcery	5	C	3CCC	Each player chooses up to three lands they control, then shuffles their hand, graveyard, and all other permanents they control into their library, then draws seven cards and crafts two tools.
Exile Dawn of Time.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECharnel Hut		rare	Land	249	BR		T: Add C.
T: Add B. Activate only if you control a Mountain.
T: Add R. Activate only if you control a Swamp.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETowering Oaks		rare	Land	258	RG		T: Add C.
T: Add R. Activate only if you control a Forest.
T: Add G. Activate only if you control a Mountain.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBoreal Settlement		rare	Land	248	WG		T: Add C.
T: Add G. Activate only if you control a Plains.
T: Add W. Activate only if you control a Forest.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMENimbus Maze		rare	Land	253	WU		T: Add C.
T: Add W. Activate only if you control an Island.
T: Add U. Activate only if you control a Plains.			normal	SSF		!tag reprintREPLACEMETreacherous Floe		rare	Land	259	UB		T: Add C.
T: Add U. Activate only if you control a Swamp.
T: Add B. Activate only if you control an Island.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGird for Combat	G	common	Instant	182	G	1G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control if C was spent to cast this spell. Then it fights target creature an opponent controls.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAccursed Bloodpainter	B	mythic	Creature — Human Hunter 	96	B	BB	Whenever a player casts a spell during your turn, put a blood counter on Accursed Bloodpainter.
Each opponent’s maximum hand size is reduced by one for each blood counter on Accursed Bloodpainter.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEThe Wrong Cave	R	rare	Enchantment	171	R	2RR	Whenever a creature you control with base power 2 or less dies, put a prey counter on The Wrong Cave.
As long as The Wrong Cave has three or more prey counters on it, it’s a 5/5 Dragon creature with flying.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERaukell of the Amatar	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	229	BR	2BR	When Raukell of the Amatar enters the battlefield, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
BR, T, Sacrifice a token: Destroy target creature.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncient Ice		rare	Artifact Creature — Elemental 	236	C	2C	When Ancient Ice dies, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s an instant or sorcery card with mana value 3 or less, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. Otherwise, put it into your hand.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDomestication of the Beast		uncommon	Instant	6	C	3C	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card with mana value 4 or less from among them or your hand onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESkeleton	B	common	Token Creature — Skeleton 	4	B			*/*		token	SSF		REPLACEMEThe First Relic		rare	Legendary Artifact	239	C	C	Permanents being put into a graveyard from the battlefield don’t cause abilities to trigger.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncestor's Wisdom	U	rare	Instant	64	U	4UU	Each player draws a card, then you draw an additional X cards, where X is the total number of cards drawn by players this turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERuthless Skinner	B	rare	Creature — Human Hunter 	116	B	BB	T, Pay 1 life: Craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
1, Sacrifice two artifacts and/or creatures: Draw a card.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStrip Clean	R	rare	Instant	167	R	XXR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact you control.
Strip Clean deals X damage to any target.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKeystone Predator	W	rare	Creature — Cat 	37	W	1WW	Whenever Keystone Predator or enchanted creature deals combat damage to an opponent, create a 1/1 white Wolf creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on up to one creature.
Trophy 3W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEYoung Chief	U	rare	Creature — Human 	95	U	U	C: Young Chief becomes a Human Hunter with base power and toughness 2/2.
CC: If Young Chief is a Hunter, put a vigilance counter on it and it becomes a Human Hunter Artificer with base power and toughness 4/4.
CCC: If Young Chief is an Artificer, you may put an artifact card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.	1/1		normal	SSF		REPLACEMERising Smoke		rare	Sorcery	15	C	3CC	Each opponent discards three cards. For each card fewer than three that an opponent discards this way, that player sacrifices a nonland permanent.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMagma Croaker	R	rare	Creature — Frog 	154	R	1R	T, Sacrifice Magma Croaker: Add RR. Spend this mana only to cast an instant or sorcery spell. When you do, that spell can’t be countered and gains “This spell deals 2 damage to any target.”	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEImperious Skywing	W	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	36	W	2WW	Flying, vigilance
Whenever Imperious Skywing attacks, you may pay X, where X is Imperious Skywing’s power. If you do, return up to one target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to the battlefield, then put a +1/+1 counter on Imperious Skywing.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMETyrant Wing	U	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	91	U	5U	Flying
Protection from colorless (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything colorless.)
Creatures your opponents control without flying get -1/-0.	4/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEncroaching Cold	B	rare	Sorcery	103	B	B	This spell costs B more to cast during your first or second turns of the game.
Target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETribal Agitator	R	rare	Creature — Human Shaman 	168	R	R	Haste
Whenever Tribal Agitator attacks, defending player crafts a tool. (They create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFace the Mighty	G	rare	Instant	180	G	2G	You may put a creature card with mana value X or less from your hand onto the battlefield, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBlood-Bond Pack	W	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	23	W	1W	Blood-Bond Pack’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control with vigilance.
Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)	*/*		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECrack the Ice	U	rare	Instant	71	U	1UUU	Choose one or both — 
• Copy target spell. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)
• Counter target spell.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETale of the Great Beast	B	rare	Enchantment	125	B	B	If you would create one or more tokens, you may put that many lore counters on Tale of the Great Beast instead.
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice Tale of the Great Beast. If you do, each opponent loses X life and you create an X/X black Demon Dinosaur creature token, where X is the number of lore counters on Tale of the Great Beast.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEvolve or Be Extinct	R	rare	Sorcery	148	R	4RR	Sacrifice all permanents you control, then reveal that many cards from the top of your library. Put all land cards revealed this way onto the battlefield tapped, then cast any number of spells revealed this way without paying their mana costs, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKa Norov, the Ancient Way	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	223	UG	1GU	You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play lands from the top of your library.
You may cast spells from the top of your library if you pay an additional C to cast them.	4/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMESurvive the Ice		uncommon	Instant	17	C	1C	This spell can’t be countered.
Up to two target permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMERapacious Fledgling	W	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur 	44	W	3W	Rapacious Fledgling or enchanted creature has flying and first strike as long as it’s attacking.
Trophy 4W (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	260	C					normal	SSF		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	261	C					normal	SSF		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	262	C					normal	SSF		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	263	C					normal	SSF		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	264	C					normal	SSF		REPLACEMEVestiges of Time		mythic	Artifact	246	C	XX	Vestiges of Time enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.
Players can’t cast noncreature spells with mana value equal to the number of charge counters on Vestiges of Time.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHuman Hunter	W	common	Token Creature — Human Hunter 	1	W			2/1		token	SSF		REPLACEMEDinosaur	G	common	Token Creature — Dinosaur 	5	G			*/*		token	SSF		REPLACEMERitual Warband	B	rare	Creature — Human Hunter 	115	B	1BB	Deathtouch
Whenever a creature dies, craft a tool. (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)	2/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAcuno Messenger	W	rare	Creature — Human Scout 	20	W	2W	First strike
Whenever Acuno Messenger becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, you and that player each draw a card.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEApproaching Threat	U	uncommon	Enchantment	65	U	U	Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 3. If you do, return target creature you don’t control with lesser power to its owner’s hand.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAncient Predator	G	rare	Creature — Dinosaur Hydra 	172	G	XG	Trample, haste
Ancient Predator enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it plus an additional +1/+1 counter for each C spent to cast it.	0/0		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHardy Survivalist	U	rare	Creature — Human Nomad 	77	U	1UU	Resilience (This creature can’t block unless it has a counter on it. When it dies, if it had no counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a vigilance counter on it.)
As long as Hardy Survivalist has a vigilance counter on it, other creatures you control have resilience.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBel-Bakar, Yanamo Elder	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Druid 	213	BG	1BG	Hunters you control have lifelink and deathtouch.
Whenever a non-Human creature dies, you may pay 4 life. If you do, create a 2/1 white Human Hunter creature token.	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDying Breed	R	rare	Sorcery	147	R	2RR	Choose a creature type, then choose one —
• Dying Breed deals 3 damage to each planeswalker and each creature of the chosen type.
• Dying Breed deals 3 damage to each planeswalker and each creature not of the chosen type.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGreat Migration	G	mythic	Instant	183	G	2GG	Your life total becomes the total power of creatures you control.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEKuzam Bladecrafter	G	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	190	G	1GG	Equipment you control have equip CC.	4/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimitive Cultivation		rare	Enchantment	11	C	C	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a spore counter on target nonland permanent you control.
2C: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of permanents you control with a spore counter on them. Activate only once each turn.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEStalking Jaguar	B	rare	Creature — Cat 	124	B	1BB	Whenever Stalking Jaguar or enchanted creature deals combat damage to an opponent, that player discards a card. If they can’t, you draw a card.
Trophy 3B (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPurity of the Hunt		rare	Instant	14	C	1C	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Another target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Then those creatures fight each other. 			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPetrified Wilds		rare	Land	254	C		As Petrified Wilds enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMETurn of the Season		rare	Instant	18	C	4CC	End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and “this turn” and “until end of turn” effects end.)			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimitive Monolith		rare	Artifact	242	C	3	You may sacrifice two artifacts rather than pay this spell’s mana cost.
T: Add C.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMECursed Trophy		rare	Artifact	238	C	3	Activated abilities of artifacts can’t be activated.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESkittish Raptor	WR	rare	Creature — Dinosaur 	232	WR	RW	Lifelink
Whenever another creature with base power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, Skittish Raptor deals 1 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrimordial Lurker	UR	rare	Creature — Crocodile 	227	UR	2UR	Flash
When Primordial Lurker enters the battlefield, choose one —
• Counter target creature spell.
• Primordial Lurker deals 3 damage to up to one target creature.	4/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMECrafter's Totem	RG	rare	Artifact	215	RG	RG	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact you control and has “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, craft a tool.” (Create either an artifact token with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add C” or an Equipment token with “Equipped creature gets +1/+0” and equip 1.)
Equip 3			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEFrenzied Megatherium	G	rare	Creature — Beast 	181	G	5GG	Whenever Frenzied Megatherium is dealt combat damage, create a token that’s a copy of it.
3G: Frenzied Megatherium must be blocked this turn if able.	6/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGlacier's End	WU	rare	Instant	220	WU	2WU	Exile each creature. Return each creature you own exiled this way to the battlefield. For each other creature exiled this way, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of that player’s next end step.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBasal Species	UB	rare	Creature — Lizard Rat 	212	UB	1UB	T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Exile the top card of target player’s library and up to one target card from that player’s graveyard. You may cast those cards for as long as they remain exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast them.	1/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEBroad-Crowned Stag	WG	rare	Creature — Elk 	214	WG	GW	If a nontoken artifact or enchantment would be put into an opponent’s graveyard from the battlefield, exile that card instead.
You may cast spells from among cards exiled with Broad-Crowned Stag, and you may spend mana from snow sources as though it were mana of any color to cast those spells.	2/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEAeons Past		rare	Enchantment	1	C	2C	When a player casts a spell during another player’s turn, sacrifice Aeons Past. If you do, each of that player’s opponents draws three cards.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWeight of Ages		rare	Instant	19	C	1CC	Destroy target permanent that’s one or more colors.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDemon Dinosaur	B	common	Token Creature — Demon Dinosaur 	3	B			*/*		token	SSF		REPLACEMERugged Brontodon	G	rare	Creature — Rhino 	200	G	2GG	Trample, haste
Whenever enchanted creature deals combat damage to an opponent, exile Rugged Brontodon then return it to your hand.
Trophy 1G (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)	4/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEHatching Season	G	rare	Enchantment	185	G	2G	If you would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, you may create an X/X green Dinosaur creature token instead, where X is the number of counters that would have been placed on that permanent. 			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEProgress		mythic	Creature — Incarnation 	13	C	2CC	When Progress enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent with mana value 4 or less that’s one or more colors.
Evoke—Exile a card from your hand with C in its mana cost. (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)	3/2		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEPrehistory	WUBRG	rare	Creature — Incarnation 	226	WUBRG	CWUBRG	When Prehistory enters the battlefield or attacks, exile target permanent or target card from a graveyard.
Prehistory’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards exiled with it.
Prehistory has protection from each card type among cards exiled with it.	*/*		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEGoliath Godwing	W	mythic	Creature — Dinosaur 	32	W	5WW	Flying, lifelink
Tokens you create enter the battlefield as a copy of Goliath Godwing.	5/5		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEDeathless Gargantosaur	B	mythic	Creature — Dinosaur 	100	B	B	Deathless Gargantosaur costs an additional X to cast, where X is your life total.	8/8		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEWinter's Sovereign	U	mythic	Creature — Walrus 	94	U	4UU	Vigilance
Winter’s Sovereign has ward 1C as long as it’s untapped.
Whenever Winter’s Sovereign deals combat damage to an opponent, you may tap it and put a stun counter on it. If you do, draw two cards.	6/4		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEEndless Caverns	U	mythic	Enchantment	73	U	5UUU	Once during each of your turns, you may cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand or your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If you cast a spell from your graveyard this way, exile it as it resolves.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMEApex of the Wild	R	mythic	Creature — Human Hunter 	138	R	3RR	First strike, haste
Whenever Apex of the Wild attacks, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls with the greatest power.	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEMEColossal Eruption	R	mythic	Sorcery	145	R	2RRR	Until end of turn, if a red source you control would deal damage to a permanent or player, it deals double that damage to that permanent or player instead.
Colossal Eruption deals 2 damage to each creature, planeswalker, and opponent.			normal	SSF		REPLACEMESturdy Glyptodon	W	mythic	Creature — Beast 	52	W	1WW	Indestructible
Trophy 3WW (You may cast this from your graveyard for its trophy cost as an Aura enchantment spell with enchant Human. Exile it if it would leave the battlefield.)
Enchanted creature has indestructible	3/3		normal	SSF		REPLACEME