GRU Draft Archetypes		common		8	WUBRG		WU DESTINY Your creatures are meant for more. Seek their destiny and thrive.
UB TAPPING Your coven of witches can conjure powerful magic together through tap effects.
BR SPIRITS Call upon the Aos Si of the Otherworld and lead a Spirit army.
RG RAID Go forth, warrior, and conquer. Attack and reap the benefits.
GW ATTACK Lead an army and benefit when you attack with three or more creatures.
WB OATHS Your word is sacred. Stick to your sworn Oaths and be rewarded.
BG LIFEGAIN Seek immortality, or at least seek to outlast your opponents.
GU STRENGTH Only the strongest can reach the top. Focus on power 4 or greater and let might make right.
UR TACTICS Manage your attacks with support: Vehicles, abilities, and combat tricks will see you succeed.
RW GRAVEYARD The memories of the dead will lead you to victory; use your graveyard as a resource to win.			token	GRU		REPLACEMESolemn Caoineag	B	common	Creature — Spirit 	116	B	B	Solemn Caoineag gets +1/+0 as long as you’ve gained life this turn.	1/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHawthorn Witch	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	95	B	1B	Whenever Hawthorn Witch becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	1/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMournful Muse	B	common	Creature — Spirit 	104	B	1B	When Mournful Muse enters, each opponent discards a card.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERelentless Galloglas	B	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	113	B	2B	Relentless Galloglas can’t block.
2B: Return Relentless Galloglas from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Brigand	B	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	82	B	2B	When An-Drim Brigand enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBloody Handed Coven	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	84	B	2B	2, T: Target player loses 2 life. Activate only if you own two or more cards in exile.	2/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMELoathsome Dullahan	B	common	Creature — Spirit Knight 	98	B	3B	When Loathsome Dullahan dies, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAr Dacha Bloodletter	B	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	83	B	3B	When Ar Dacha Bloodletter enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Ar Dacha Bloodletter has menace as long as it has a +1/+1 counter on it.	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMonarch of Night	B	common	Creature — Spirit 	103	B	4B	When Monarch of Night enters, if you control two or more other Spirits, up to one target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMENight-Wreathed Raider	B	common	Creature — Spirit Berserker 	105	B	5B	When Night-Wreathed Raider enters, if you’ve gained 3 or more life this turn, each opponent loses 3 life. Otherwise, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	5/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMETur Aun Rover	G	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	190	G	G	Tur Aun Rover enters with a +1/+1 counter on it as long as you’ve gained life this turn.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMENimble Scrambler	G	common	Creature — Squirrel 	181	G	1G	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEInspiring Brigand	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	172	G	GG	When Inspiring Brigand dies, create a 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature token.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFehr Maun Reaver	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	166	G	2G	Raid — This spell costs 1 less to cast if you attacked this turn.	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDuun Raider	G	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	165	G	2G	Duun Raider has haste as long as you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHandmaid of Cos Teilo	G	common	Creature — Human Nomad 	168	G	3G	When Handmaid of Cos Teilo enters, you gain 3 life.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, add G. Until end of turn, you don’t lose this mana as step and phases end.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOrnery Badger	G	common	Creature — Badger 	186	G	3G	Trample
Whenever Ornery Badger becomes blocked, it gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEReclusive Druid	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	187	G	2G	When Reclusive Druid enters, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token and a green artifact token named Mistletoe with “1, Sacrifice Mistletoe: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWolftamer	G	common	Creature — Human Druid 	197	G	4G	When Wolftamer enters, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token, then you gain 1 life for each Wolf you control.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHungry Forager	G	common	Creature — Bear 	169	G	3GG	5G: Hungry Forager gets +3/+3 until end of turn. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is the amount of life you’ve gain this turn. Activate only once each turn.	5/5		normal	GRU		REPLACEMELord of the Glens	G	common	Creature — Elk 	177	G	6G	Trample, haste	6/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBrash Upstart	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	126	R	R	Haste
T, Sacrifice Brash Upstart: Brash Upstart deals 1 damage to any target.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBloody Handed Novitiate	R	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	124	R	1R	2, Exile Bloody Handed Novitiate from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 red and white Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERoving Galloglas	R	common	Creature — Human Mercenary 	150	R	1R	R, Exile two cards from your graveyard: Roving Galloglas gets +2/+0 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBarrow Watcher	R	common	Creature — Spirit 	121	R	2R	When Barrow Watcher enters, if you control another Spirit, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	4/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFervent Raiders	R	common	Creature — Human Pirate 	132	R	2R	Haste
Raid — Fervent Raiders enters with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked this turn.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMECanny Swordmaster	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	127	R	3R	Raid — 2R: Canny Swordmaster gains first strike until end of turn. Activate only if you attacked this turn.	4/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBlade of Fehr Maun	R	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	123	R	3R	When Blade of Fehr Maun deals combat damage to a player, you may discard a card. If you do, Blade of Fehr Maun swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOtherworld Stalker	R	common	Creature — Spirit 	145	R	2R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 2 or exile two creature cards from your graveyard.	4/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHand of the Black Horse	R	common	Creature — Spirit 	134	R	4R	Trample
Raid — When Hand of the Black Horse enters, if you attacked this turn, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	4/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMarsh Light	U	common	Creature — Spirit 	58	U	U	Whenever Marsh Light becomes tapped, target creature you control gains ward 1 until the beginning of your next upkeep.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHonored Raven	U	common	Creature — Bird 	56	U	2U	Flying
Whenever Honored Raven becomes tapped, scry 1.	1/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMELake Guardian	U	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	57	U	U	Flash
When Lake Guardian enters, put two destined counters on target creature you control with destiny.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnell's Stag	U	common	Creature — Spirit Elk 	77	U	3U	Unell’s Stag can’t be blocked as long as you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEShoreline Shrieker	U	common	Creature — Spirit 	72	U	3U	Flying
Whenever Shoreline Shrieker becomes tapped, target creature an opponent controls gets -2/-0 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Tidecaller	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	43	U	4U	When An-Drim Tidecaller enters, untap up to two target creatures you control.	2/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEScourge of the Seas	U	common	Creature — Serpent 	71	U	5U	Scourge of the Seas can’t attack unless you control another creature with power 4 or greater.	6/6		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEKeening Psychopomp	W	common	Creature — Spirit Bird 	17	W	W	Flying
When Keening Psychopomp enters, target Human gains indestructible until end of turn.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMETur Aun Trapper	W	common	Creature — Human Archer 	39	W	1W	First strike	1/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEIll-Fated Raven	W	common	Creature — Bird 	16	W	1W	Flying
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, you gain 2 life.	1/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEProud Stalwart	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	29	W	2W	When Proud Stalwart enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
First strike	1/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMENoble Savage	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	22	W	2W	Flash	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPlacid Cattle	W	common	Creature — Ox 	27	W	3W	W, Exile Placid Cattle from your graveyard: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHero of Ar Dacha	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	14	W	3W	When Hero of Ar Dacha enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Lifelink	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMETake Up the Cause	W	common	Sorcery	37	W	4W	Create two 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature tokens. You gain life equal to the number of creatures that attacked this turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMETowering Paragon	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	38	W	5W	At the beginning of combat on your turn, the creature you control with the least power swears an Oath.  (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.)	5/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFace the Mighty	W	common	Instant	10	W	2W	Choose one —
• Exile target creature with power 4 or greater.
• Target creature you control swears an Oath (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBones of the Past	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	7	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.
Tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 4 or greater: Exile enchanted creature.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUrgent Exorcism	W	common	Instant	40	W	1W	Destroy target Spirit or enchantment.			normal	GRU		!tag reprintREPLACEMEMenhir's Might	W	common	Instant	21	W	W	Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each counter on it.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPúca's Blessing	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	30	W	W	Enchant creature
When Púca’s Blessing enters, draw a card.
Whenever a card you own is put into exile, put a +1/+1 counter on enchanted creature. This ability triggers only once per turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Penance	W	common	Enchantment — Oath 	24	W	1W	At the beginning of your end step, if you control two or more untapped creatures, Oath of Penance is fulfilled.
When Oath of Penance is fulfilled, exile it and distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Purity	W	common	Enchantment — Oath 	25	W	W	At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked with creatures with total power 3 or more this turn, Oath of Purity is fulfilled.
When Oath of Purity is fulfilled, exile it and destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEGuardian Fenoderee	W	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	13	W	WW	Flash
When Guardian Fenoderee enters, untap target creature you control.	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAspiring Hero	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	5	W	1W	Whenever Aspiring Hero attacks, you may exile X cards from your graveyard, where X is Aspiring Hero’s power. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Aspiring Hero.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPriest of Annan	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	28	W	1WW	Flash
When Priest of Annan enters, prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature or player this turn. If damage is prevented this way and if you’ve fulfilled an Oath, Priest of Annan deals that much damage to any target.	2/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFehr Maun Tactician	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	12	W	2WW			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Whenever Fehr Maun Tactician attacks, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each destined counter on Fehr Maun Tactician.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Cavalry	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	3	W	3WW	When An-Drim Cavalry enters, create a 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature token.
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, tap up to one target creature.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMELegion of Annan	W	uncommon	Sorcery	19	W	2W	Create two 1/1 red and white Spirit creature tokens with “This creature can’t block.”
You may cast Legion of Annan from your graveyard by discarding a card in addition to paying its other costs.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELuth's Prodigy	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	20	W	4W	When Luth’s Prodigy enters, return target nonland permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEStormfront	W	uncommon	Sorcery	36	W	1W	Exile target tapped creature.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESpirit Ring	W	uncommon	Enchantment	35	W	2W	When Spirit Ring enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Spirit Ring leaves the battlefield.
1W, Exile Spirit Ring from your graveyard: You gain 3 life.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHumble Beginnings	W	uncommon	Enchantment	15	W	1W	Whenever a creature you control dies, target creature you control swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDivine Spear	W	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	9	W	1W	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equipment you control have “Equip—Tap two untapped creatures you control.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Silence	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	26	W	W	At the beginning of your end step, you may tap an untapped creature you control. If you do, Oath of Silence is fulfilled.
When Oath of Silence is fulfilled, exile it and target opponent can’t cast noncreature spells until your next turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESinister Bodach	U	common	Artifact Creature — Scarecrow 	74	U	U	Defender
Whenever a creature with flying enters, untap Sinister Bodach.	0/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEYew-Tree Omen	U	common	Instant	80	U	UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control or pay 1.
Counter target spell.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMENorthern Storm	U	common	Instant	59	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, counter that spell unless its controller pays 4 instead.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPunishment of Seantas	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	66	U	2U	Enchant creature
When Punishment of Seantas enters, you may tap an untapped creature you control. If you do, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Remembrance	U	common	Enchantment — Oath 	61	U	U	At the beginning of your end step, you have seen two or more cards while scrying this turn, Oath of Remembrance is fulfilled.
When Oath of Remembrance is fulfilled, exile it and draw two cards then discard a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECrow's Knowledge	U	common	Instant	51	U	2U	Draw two cards, then discard a card unless you tap an untapped creature you control.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWinter's Cut	U	common	Instant	79	U	1U	Return target creature to its owner’s hand. If it’s your turn, untap up to one target creature you control.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFox's Guile	U	common	Instant	54	U	1U	Untap target creature. It gets +0/+3 and gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPrepare a Voyage	U	common	Instant	65	U	U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may tap any number of untapped creatures you control.
Target creature gets -X/-0 until end of turn, where X is 2 plus the total power of creatures tapped to pay for this spell.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOtherworldly Protection	U	common	Sorcery	63	U	U	Target nonland permanent you control phases out. Scry 1. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESalmon of Wisdom	U	uncommon	Creature — Fish 	70	UG	U	When Salmon of Wisdom enters, scry 2.
1G, Sacrifice Salmon of Wisdom: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature and draw a card.	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERaven-Caller	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	67	U	1UU	Whenever Raven-Caller becomes tapped, create a 1/1 black Bird creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFehr Maun Dredger	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Peasant 	53	U	3U	When Fehr Maun Dredger enters, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner’s hand. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, instead put that creature on top of its owner’s library.	2/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDevouring Mist	U	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Horror 	52	U	3UU	Flying
Whenever a creature you control becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, Devouring Mist gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBlind Phantasm	U	common	Creature — Illusion 	46	U	2U		2/3		normal	GRU		!tag reprintREPLACEMEPonder the Ogham	U	uncommon	Sorcery	64	U	2U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap an untapped creature you control.
Scry 2, then draw two cards.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEConsult the Oillipheist	U	uncommon	Instant	48	U	1U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 1 for each creature you control with power 4 or greater. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner’s graveyard.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECouncil of Ravens	U	uncommon	Enchantment	49	U	3U	Tap an untapped creature you control: Target player mills a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWash Downriver	U	uncommon	Instant	78	U	2UU	Return target permanent to its owner’s hand.
Draw a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBehind the Veil	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	45	U	U	Enchant nonland permanent
Tap any number of untapped creatures you control with total power 3 or greater: Enchanted permanent phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEThe Great Game	U	uncommon	Artifact	55	U	1U	2, T: Put a game counter on The Great Game, then tap target nonland permanent with mana value less than or equal to the number of game counters on The Great Game.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFeast of Skulls	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	1BB	Choose one —
• Destroy target creature.
• Exile target planeswalker.
• Exile target player’s graveyard.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMETouch of the Otherworld	B	common	Sorcery	117	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. If you have fulfilled an Oath, instead that creature gets -5/-5 until end of turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMENight's Edict	B	common	Sorcery	106	B	1BB	Target opponent sacrifices a creature or an enchantment. If you control two or more Spirits as you cast this spell, instead that player sacrifices a creature and an enchantment.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPlague of Par Holon	B	common	Sorcery	112	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the exiled card’s power.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Pilgrimage	B	common	Enchantment — Oath 	108	B	1B	At the beginning of your end step, if a player lost 2 or more life this turn, Oath of Pilgrimage is fulfilled.
When Oath of Pilgrimage is fulfilled, exile it and you draw two cards and lose 2 life.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEEtched Epitaph	B	common	Sorcery	93	B	1B	Choose one —
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand. 
• Target creature you control swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECrow's Feast	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	2B	Target player discards two cards. If they discard a creature card, create a 1/1 black Bird creature token with flying.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMidnight Bloom	B	common	Instant	102	B	B	Until end of turn, target creature gains deathtouch and “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBloody Handed Cultist	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	85	B	BB	Spirits you control get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWarmonger of Duun	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Berserker 	119	B	1BB	1, Sacrifice a creature: Warmonger of Duun swears an Oath (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Scion	B	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	115	B	3B	Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Rigann’s Scion and each opponent loses 1 life.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Herald	B	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Warlock 	114	B	3BB	When Rigann’s Herald enters, choose one —
• Choose up to two nonlegendary Oaths you control. Those Oaths are fulfilled.
• Return target creature or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnstoppable Cateran	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	118	B	1B			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
When Unstoppable Cateran dies, if it had three or more destined counters on it, return it to the battlefield tapped.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEKeening Maiden	B	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	97	B	1BB	Menace
Whenever a non-Spirit creature would die, exile it instead.	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAfter the Storm	B	uncommon	Sorcery	81	B	1BB	Destroy target nonartifact, nonland permanent an opponent controls. You lose 2 life.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Resurrection	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	109	B	1BB	At the beginning of your end step, if there are four or more creature cards in your graveyard, Oath of Resurrection is fulfilled.
When Oath of Resurrection is fulfilled, exile it and return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDruid's Sickle	B	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	92	B	B	Equipped creature has deathtouch and “T, Tap an untapped land you control: Create a green artifact token named Mistletoe with “1, Sacrifice Mistletoe: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”
Equip 2			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEInvoke the Black Horse	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	1B	Target opponent reveals all but one of the cards in their hand. Choose a nonland card from among the revealed cards. That player discards that card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Storytelling	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	110	B	2B	At the beginning of your end step, you may reveal any number of cards from your hand with at least three different mana values. If you do, Oath of Storytelling is fulfilled.
When Oath of Storytelling is fulfilled, exile it and search your library for a card. Put that card into your hand and shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELost to Time	B	uncommon	Sorcery	99	B	2B	Choose one —
• Exile target player’s graveyard. That player loses life equal to the number of card types exiled this way.
• Remove all counters from target permanent. That permanent’s controller loses life equal to the number of counters removed this way.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Celebration	R	common	Enchantment — Oath 	142	R	R	At the beginning of your end step, if you have discarded two or more cards this turn, Oath of Celebration is fulfilled.
When Oath of Celebration is fulfilled, exile it and it deals 3 damage to target opponent.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERise to the Occasion	R	common	Instant	149	R	1R	Rise to the Occasion deals 3 damage to target creature. If that creature’s mana value is 6 or greater, Rise to the Occasion deals 6 damage to it instead.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBecoming the Hound	R	common	Sorcery	122	R	1R	Becoming the Hound deals 2 damage to target creature. Gain control of that until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESwords Raised	R	common	Instant	154	R	2R	Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn. You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDreams of the Black Horse	R	common	Instant	130	R	2R	Discard two cards, then draw three cards.
2, Exile Dreams of the Black Horse from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 red and white Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWeathered Claymore	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	158	R	R	Whenever equipped creature becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, Weathered Claymore deals 1 damage to target player.
Equip 1			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFrenzy of Battle	R	common	Instant	133	R	R	Target creature gets +3/+1 until end of turn. Frenzy of Battle deals 1 damage to target player.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECoastal Storm	R	common	Sorcery	128	R	1R	Exile target artifact.
Raid — If you attacked this turn, Coastal Storm deals 2 damage to that artifact’s controller.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMENight's Herd	R	common	Instant	141	R	2R	Whenever a creature blocks this turn, it deals 1 damage to itself. If a creature dealt damage this way would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBog Swine	R	uncommon	Creature — Boar 	125	R	R	Whenever Bog Swine becomes tapped, if it isn’t being declared as an attacker, up to one target creature can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDuun Cutpurse	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	131	R	1R	When Duun Cutpurse enters, discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.	2/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnell's Charger	R	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Elk 	156	R	1RR	Trample
Whenever Unell’s Charger attacks, you may tap any number of untapped creatures you control. Unell’s Charger gets +1/+1 for each creature tapped this way.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnell's Summons	R	uncommon	Sorcery	157	R	3R	Create four 1/1 red and white Spirit creature tokens with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMartial Sluagh	R	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Knight 	140	R	3RR	Martial Sluagh has menace and trample as long as you control three or more Spirits.	5/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWolf of Usraigh	G	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Werewolf 	196	G	2G	Haste
As long as it’s not your turn, Wolf of Usraigh is a 1/3 Human Peasant.	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPadraig, Bear of Tur Aun	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	146	R	3R	Whenever Padraig, Bear of Tur Aun enters or attacks, you may exile three cards from your graveyard. When you do, Padraig deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMESacred Menhir	R	uncommon	Enchantment Artifact — Shrine 	151	R	R	When Sacred Menhir enters, it deals damage to target player equal to the number of Shrines you control.
Tap four untapped creatures you control: Create a token that’s a copy of Sacred Menhir.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Destruction	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	143	R	1RR	At the beginning of your end step, if you control two or more tapped creatures, Oath of Destruction is fulfilled.
When Oath of Destruction is fulfilled, exile it and it deals 3 damage to each creature.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELuth's Judgement	R	uncommon	Sorcery	138	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile three cards from your graveyard.
Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. The creature you control gets +3/+1 until end of turn if the additional cost was paid. Then those creatures fight each other.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPatience of Annan	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	147	R	R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature has first strike and “T: This creature deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDolmen of the Si	R	uncommon	Artifact	129	R	1R	Attacking Spirits you control get +1/+1.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELuth's Ire	R	uncommon	Sorcery	137	R	3R	Destroy target noncreature, nonenchantment permanent.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECalm Before the Storm	G	common	Sorcery	163	G	1G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control, then that creature deals damage equal to its power to another target creature or planeswalker.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Might	G	common	Enchantment — Oath 	182	G	G	At the beginning of your end step, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Oath of Might is fulfilled.
When Oath of Might is fulfilled, exile it and put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFoggy Dew	G	common	Instant	167	G	1G	Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEIn the Wild Woods	G	common	Sorcery	171	G	2G	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card and/or a land card from among them and put them into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMoonlight Raid	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	180	G	G	Enchant creature
Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, untap enchanted creature and put a +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEImpenetrable Oaks	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	170	G	2G	Enchant land
When Impenetrable Oaks enters, it deals 4 damage to up to one target creature with flying.
Enchanted land has “T: Add GG.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEInto the Barrow Mounds	G	common	Sorcery	173	G	G	Raid — Put a land card onto the battlefield tapped. Then if you attacked this turn, untap that land.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBreak the Oath	G	common	Instant	161	G	2G	Exile target artifact or enchantment.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERoving Bard	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Bard 	189	G	1G	Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)		Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
T: Add G. If there are three or more destined counters on Roving Bard as you activate this ability, instead add three mana of any one color.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEJoint Eater	G	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Salamander 	174	G	GG	Whenever an opponent gains life, you gain half that much life, rounded down. This ability triggers only once each turn.	2/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAr Dacha Stalwart	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	160	G	1GG	Whenever Ar Dacha Stalwart deals combat damage to a player, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWandering Raider	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Nomad 	194	G	3G	Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, put a +1/+1 counter on Wandering Raider.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMESteed of Annan	R	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Horse 	153	R	3R	Whenever Steed of Annan attacks, you may exile two cards from your graveyard. If you do, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWild-Song Chanter	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	195	G	5GG	When Wild-Song Chanter enters, create three 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens.
Whenever a creature enters under you control, you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMELurking Dobharchú	G	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Otter 	178	G	1GG	Haste
Hexproof from blue	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Exemplar	G	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	159	G	1G	Sacrifice An-Drim Exemplar: Until the beginning of your next end step, if one or more creature tokens would be created under your control, that many 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature tokens are created instead.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERelentless Clash	G	uncommon	Sorcery	188	G	2GG	Destroy target noncreature permanent.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnite the Kingdoms	G	uncommon	Enchantment	192	G	1G	Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
As long as you control eight or more lands, creatures you control have vigilance.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Serenity	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	183	G	4G	At the beginning of your end step, if you control three or more creatures with power 4 or greater, Oath of Serenity is fulfilled.
When Oath of Serenity is fulfilled, create a 6/6 green Spirit Bear creature token.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBull-Rush of Culaigh	G	uncommon	Instant	162	G	1G	Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Sorrows	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Oath 	184	G	1G	At the beginning of your end step, if there are seven or more cards in your graveyard, Oath of Sorrows is fulfilled.
When Oath of Sorrows is fulfilled, exile it and return target card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOminous Banshee	BR	uncommon	Creature — Spirit 	203	BR	1BR	When Ominous Banshee enters, target opponent loses life equal to the number of Spirits you control.
Other Spirits you control get +1/+1.	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBarrow Mounds	UB	uncommon	Enchantment	200	UB	2UB	Tap two untapped creatures you control: You draw a card and you lose 1 life.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEStag of High Tara	UG	uncommon	Creature — Elk 	222	UG	GU	At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control another creature with power 4 or greater, put a +1/+1 counter on Stag of High Tara.
GU, Tap an untapped creature you control: Stag of High Tara can’t be blocked this turn.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnell's Warleader	RG	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	205	RG	2RG	Raid — At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Unell’s Warleader and up to one other target creature.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBattle Fury	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	206	WG	GW	Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, create a 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature token that’s tapped and attacking.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAn-Drim Mourncaller	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	208	WB	1WB	When An-Drim Mourncaller enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Whenever you fulfill an Oath, put a +1/+1 counter on An-Drim Mourncaller.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOtherworld Chariot	UR	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	212	UR	UR	Flying
Whenever Otherworld Chariot becomes crewed for the first time each turn, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFearr Gorta	BG	uncommon	Creature — Zombie 	215	BG	BG	Whenever you gain life, each opponent loses that much life. This ability triggers only once each turn.
Sacrifice a creature: Fearr Gorta gains lifelink until end of turn.	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHowling Lamentation	WR	uncommon	Enchantment	218	WR	RW	When Howling Lamentation enters, you may discard up to two cards. If you do, draw that many cards.
1, Exile a creature card from a graveyard: Create a 1/1 red and white Spirit creature token with “This creature can’t block.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERoving Birlinn		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	233	C	2	Menace
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBloody Handed Idol		common	Artifact Creature — Construct 	230	C	4	Tap two untapped creatures you control: Untap target creature.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEWar-Tested Chariot		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	235	C	3	Haste
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath to the High King		common	Enchantment — Oath 	1	C	2	At the beginning of your end step, if you control two or more basic lands, Oath to the High King is fulfilled.
When Oath to the High King is fulfilled, create a 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature token.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEClairseach Harp		common	Artifact	232	C	1	T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESolemn Cloister		common	Land	249	C		T: Add C.
T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECauseway Coast		uncommon	Land	237	C		Causeway Coast enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Causeway Coast: Search your library for an Island or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHigh Tara		uncommon	Land	241	C		High Tara enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice High Tara: Search your library for a Plains or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOtherworld Altar		uncommon	Land	244	C		Otherworld Altar enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Otherworld Altar: Search your library for a Swamp or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERugged Burren		uncommon	Land	246	C		Rugged Burren enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Rugged Burren: Search your library for a Mountain or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOvergrown Wreck		uncommon	Land	245	C		Overgrown Wreck enters tapped.
T, Sacrifice Overgrown Wreck: Search your library for a Forest or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEThe Answerer		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	228	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has vigilance and “2: This creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
Equip 3
T: Attach The Answerer to target creature you control. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you have fulfilled an Oath.			normal	GRU		celticREPLACEMEAr Dacha Braggart	W	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	4	W	1W	When Ar Dacha Braggart enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Vengeance	B	common	Enchantment — Oath 	111	B	B	At the beginning of your end step, if two or more creatures you don’t control died this turn, Oath of Vengeance is fulfilled.
When Oath of Vengeance is fulfilled, exile it and target player loses 1 life for each creature card in their graveyard.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECapal Dú, High King	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	86	B	2B	Capal Dú, High King isn’t a creature unless you own two or more cards in exile.
Menace
Whenever an attacking creature you control dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.	5/4		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEUnell, the Wanderer	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	191	G	2G	Unell, the Wanderer  isn’t a creature unless you own two or more cards in exile.
You may spend mana as though it were mana of any color.
Unell’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.	*/*		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath Fulfilled		common		9	C		When you have fulfilled an Oath, you can place the exiled card here.			token	GRU		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	250	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	252	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	254	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	256	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	258	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMELuth, Forge's Fire	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	136	R	2R	Luth, Forge’s Fire isn’t a creature unless you own two or more cards in exile.
Skip your draw step.
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top two cards of your library. You may play them this turn. Spell cast this way cost 1 less to cast.	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAnnan, Wry Voyager	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	44	U	2U	Annan, Wry Voyager isn’t a creature unless you own two or more cards in exile.
Whenever another creature you control becomes tapped, put a wind counter on Annan.
3U, T, Remove X wind counters from Annan: Put target creature into its owner’s library just beneath the top X cards of that library. X can’t be zero.	2/5		normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann, Thread Cutter	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	33	W	WW	Rigann, Thread Cutter isn’t a creature unless you own two or more cards in exile.
Whenever a creature you don’t control deals combat damage, put a fate counter on it.
XX, T: Destroy each creature with mana value X or less with a fate counter on it.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBard of Duun	W	common	Creature — Human Bard 	6	W	W			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Bard of Duun gets +3/+0 as long as it has three or more destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEOrflaith the Still	WBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Orflaith 	225	WBG	BGW			[+1]: Up to two target creatures you control each swear an Oath.
[-2]: Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
[-5]: Each opponent loses 3 life for each Oath you’ve fulfilled.	planeswalker	GRU	3	REPLACEMEBird	B	common	Token Creature — Bird 	1	B		Flying	1/1		token	GRU		REPLACEMESpirit	WR	common	Token Creature — Spirit 	6	WR		This creature can’t block	1/1		token	GRU		REPLACEMETeller of Truths	U	common	Creature — Human Druid 	75	U	1U			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Teller of Truths gets +2/+0 as long as it has three or more destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Seer	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	69	U	1U			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
T: Draw a card. Activate only if Rigann’s Seer has three or more destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Blackguard	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	199	WU	WU			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Whenever Rigann’s Blackguard attacks, untap up to X target creatures you control, where X is the number of destined counters on Rigann’s Blackguard.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEProphecy of the Hound	WBR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Oath 	226	WBR	WBR	At the beginning of your end step, if a creature you control named Seantas, Hound of Ulaith dealt combat damage to an opponent this turn, Prophecy of the Hound is fulfilled.
When Prophecy of the Hound is fulfilled, exile it and target player loses the game.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESeantas, Hound of Ulaith	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	210	WB	1WBB	When Seantas, Hound of Ulaith enters, destroy target non-Human creature.
Whenever Seantas attacks alone, you may exile an enchantment card from your hand. If you do, Seantas swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMECos Teilo, Generous King	URG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	223	URG	URG	Whenever a creature enters, its controller chooses one. This ability triggers only once each turn.
• Each player draws a card.
• Cos Teilo, Generous King deals 2 damage to each player.
• Each player may put a +1/+1 counter on a creature they control.	1/6		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHuman Warrior	WG	common	Token Creature — Human Warrior 	4	WG			2/2		token	GRU		REPLACEMELuth's Favored	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	100	B	B			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Sacrifice Luth’s Favored: You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of destined counters on Luth’s Favored.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEMeaha, Onerous Queen	UBG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	224	UBG	GUB	Whenever a creature deals combat damage to you, put a doom counter on target creature you control.
Creatures with doom counters on them deal damage to players in the form of poison counters. (A player with ten or more poison counters loses the game.)	3/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBlack Coach		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	229	C	3	Whenever a creature crews Black Coach, put a mortality counter on that creature. Do this only once each turn.
Whenever a creature you control with a mortality counter on it dies, return it to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.
Crew 3	5/5		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMistletoe	G	common	Token Artifact	5	G		1, Sacrifice Mistletoe: Target player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.			token	GRU		REPLACEMEMaebh of the Bloody Hand	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	201	UB	2UB	Whenever a Warlock you control becomes untapped, each opponent loses 1 life.
Tap five untapped creatures you control: You may cast target instant or sorcery card in your graveyard without paying its mana cost. When you do, exile it when it resolves. Activate only as a sorcery.	1/6		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Pursuit	R	rare	Enchantment — Oath 	144	R	1R	At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent controls at least two more lands than you, Oath of Pursuit is fulfilled.
When Oath of Pursuit is fulfilled, exile it and destroy target land.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECraven Haunter	U	common	Creature — Spirit 	50	U	U			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Craven Haunter gets +1/+0 and has flying as long as it has three or more destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMETur Aun Brawler	R	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	155	R	1R			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Tur Aun Brawler can’t blocked by creatures with power less than the number of destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEYouthful Hurler	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	41	W	W			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Youthful Hurler gets +2/+2 and has first strike as long as it has three or more destiny counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEWolf	G	common	Token Creature — Wolf 	3	G			2/2		token	GRU		REPLACEMEChieftan of the Black Horse	B	rare	Creature — Spirit Specter 	87	B	3BB	Flying
Whenever Chieftan of the Black Horse enters or attacks, choose one —
• Each player discards a card.
• You draw a card and you lose 1 life.
• Remove all counters from target permanent.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMECiara, Blood Witch	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	88	B	1BB	Ciara, Blood Witch gets +1/+1 for each enchantment card you own in exile.
Sacrifice a creature: Target creature you control swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMESi of the Heaths	W	common	Creature — Spirit 	34	W	2W			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Si of the Heaths gets +2/+1 and has flying as long as it has three or more destined counters on it.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMETur Aun Mystic	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	76	U	1U			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
As long as Tur Aun Mystic has three or more destined counters on it, if you would draw a card, instead scry 1 then draw a card.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMESpirit Bear	G	common	Token Creature — Spirit Bear 	2	G			6/6		token	GRU		REPLACEMECounters		common		7	C					token	GRU		REPLACEMEThe Oillipheist	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Serpent 	221	UG	1GU	The Oillipheist enters with a +1/+1 counter on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, double the number of +1/+1 counters on The Oillipheist. Then if its power is 4 or greater, it gains ward 2 until the beginning of your next upkeep, and if its power is 8 or greater, it gains trample until the beginning of your next upkeep.	0/0		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEVictorious Galloglas	G	common	Creature — Human Berserker 	193	G	1G	Raid — 2: Victorious Galloglas gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate only once each turn and only if you’ve attacked this turn.
If a creature dealt damage by Victorious Galloglas this turn would die, exile it instead.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEKnight of Cos Teilo	W	rare	Creature — Human Knight 	18	W	3W	When Knight of Cos Teilo enters, it swears an Oath. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)
Double strike	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDestiny's End	W	rare	Sorcery	8	W	3WW	Each player who controls a creature with three or more counters on it draws a card, then destroy all creatures.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBloody Handed Seer	U	rare	Creature — Human Druid 	47	U	UU			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, if Bloody Handed Seer has three or more destined counters on it, draw a card.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEQueen of the Si	R	rare	Creature — Spirit Noble 	148	R	2R	Play with the top card of your library revealed
Queen of the Si gets +2/+2 as long as the top card of your library is a creature.
1R, Discard a card: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of the Wilds	G	rare	Enchantment — Oath 	185	G	2GGG	At the beginning of your end step, if you control four or more creatures that don’t share a creature type, Oath of the Wilds is fulfilled.
When Oath of the Wilds is fulfilled, exile it and search your library for a green creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEReaver of Tur Aun	W	rare	Creature — Human Warrior 	32	W	2W			Destiny
Reaver of Tur Aun gets +1/+1 for each destined counter on it.
Sacrifice Reaver of Tur Aun: Return target permanent card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is Reaver of Tur Aun’s power. Activate only as a sorcery.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Memory	U	rare	Enchantment — Oath 	60	U	3UU	At the beginning of your end step, if any player milled three or more cards this turn, Oath of Memory is fulfilled.
When Oath of Memory is fulfilled, exile it and target player mills half their library, rounded up.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEInexorable Assault	R	rare	Sorcery	135	R	1RR	Raid — If you’ve attacked this turn, this spell can’t be countered, players can’t gain life this turn and damage can’t be prevented this turn.
Inexorable Assault deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMarch Across Ulaith	G	rare	Enchantment	179	G	2G	Whenever you tap a basic land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOtherworldly Dreams	U	rare	Instant	62	U	2UU	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap any number of untapped creatures you control.
Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the total power of creatures tapped this way. Put two of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEInevitable Fate	WU	rare	Instant	198	WU	1WU	Counter target spell. If a spell is countered this way, put it into its owner’s library just beneath the top X cards of that library, where X is the number of creatures you control with destiny.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECiara's Disciple	B	rare	Creature — Human Warlock 	89	B	1B	Whenever Ciara’s Disciple becomes tapped, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to that card’s mana value.	2/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMeaha's Promise	BR	rare	Legendary Enchantment — Oath 	202	BR	2BR	At the beginning of your end step, you may pay 3 life. If you, Meaha’s Promise is fulfilled.
When Meaha’s Promise is fulfilled, exile it and destroy up to two target nonland permanents an opponent controls.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMENaira, Vindictive Sluagh	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Knight 	204	RG	2RG			Destiny (Whenever this creature becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)
Raid — At the beginning of your end step, if you’ve attacked this turn, Naira, Vindictive Sluagh deals damage equal to the number of destined counters on it to any target.
	leveler	GRU		REPLACEMEGlorious Raid	WG	rare	Enchantment	207	WG	1GW	Whenever you attack with three or more creatures, creature you control get +1/+1 until end of turn and you draw a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESiofra the Changeling	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	213	UR	2UR	You may have Siofra the Changeling enter as a copy of a creature on the battlefield, except it’s a Spirit in addition to its other types and it has “Tap three other untapped creatures you control: Exile this creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.”	1/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFalniss, Fated Hound	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Dog 	214	BG	BG	As long as Falniss, Fated Hound is attacking, prevent all damage that would be dealt to it.
Whenever Falniss becomes the target of a spell or ability, you gain 3 life.	3/1		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEEllein Trechend	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Bird Demon 	217	WR	3RW	Flying, first strike, haste
Whenever Ellein Trechend enters or attacks, you may exile three target cards from a single graveyard. If you do, it deals 3 damage to target player and you gain 3 life.	3/3		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFehr Maun Marksman	W	rare	Creature — Human Archer 	11	W	W	First strike
Tap another untapped creature you control: Put an aim counter on Fehr Maun Marksman.
2W, Remove two aim counters from Fehr Maun Marksman: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	1/2		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEShoreline Sovereign	U	rare	Creature — Whale 	73	U	3UU	Flash
If you cast this spell during your main phase, it enters with a breach counter on it.
Shoreline Sovereign has ward 4 as long as it has a breach counter on it.	5/5		normal	GRU		REPLACEMECross from Beyond	B	rare	Sorcery	90	B	1BB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, tap three untapped creatures you control.
Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBalar, the Burning Eye	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Demon 	120	R	4RR	Balar, the Burning Eye enters with three omen counters on it.
Whenever Balar becomes tapped, remove an omen counter from it.
T: Balar deals 6 damage to target player. Activate only if there are no omen counters on Balar.	6/6		normal	GRU		REPLACEMEJourney Home	G	rare	Enchantment	175	G	2G	When Journey Home enters, create a 2/2 green and white Human Warrior creature token.
At the beginning of your end step, target creature you control swears an Oath if it attacked this turn. (Reveal an Oath you own from outside the game and put it into your hand, or put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEQuiet Reverence	W	rare	Instant	31	W	1W	Your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells this turn. Up to one target nonlegendary Oath you control is fulfilled.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Denial	U	rare	Instant	68	U	1U	Counter target spell, activated ability, or triggered ability unless its controller pays 2			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMaebh's Ritual	B	rare	Sorcery	101	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 3 life.
All creatures get -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMake a Break for It	R	rare	Instant	139	R	2R	Until end of turn, creatures you control gain “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. Sacrifice it at the beginning of its controller’s next end step.”			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEDeep-Forest Prowler	G	rare	Creature — Bear 	164	G	3GG	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you may draw a card.	6/6		normal	GRU		REPLACEMESea's Edge		rare	Land	247	WU		Sea’s Edge enters tapped.
When Sea’s Edge enters, untap target creature you control.
T: Add W or U.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMECoastline Village		rare	Land	238	UB		Coastline Village enters tapped.
When Coastline Village enters, untap target creature you control.
T: Add U or B.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMidnight Dolmens		rare	Land	242	BR		Midnight Dolmens enters tapped.
When Midnight Dolmens enters, untap target creature you control.
T: Add B or R.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEHigh King's Hall		rare	Land	240	RG		High King’s Hall enters tapped.
When High King’s Hall enters, untap target creature you control.
T: Add R or G.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEApple Orchard		rare	Land	236	WG		Apple Orchard enters tapped.
When Apple Orchard enters, untap target creature you control.
T: Add G or W.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Humility	W	rare	Enchantment — Oath 	23	W	1W	At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent controls a creature with power 4 or greater, Oath of Humility is fulfilled.
When Oath of Humility is fulfilled, exile it and exile target creature an opponent controls. That creature’s controller draws a card.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAcross the Sea	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	42	U	U	Enchant Spirit
When Across the Sea enters, target non-Spirit creature phases out. It can’t phase back in as long as you control enchanted creature. (Treat phased out permanents and anything attached to them as though they don’t exist.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEOath of Negation	B	rare	Enchantment — Oath 	107	B	1B	At the beginning of your end step, if you have 7 life or less,  Oath of Negation is fulfilled.
When Oath of Negation is fulfilled, exile it and it deals 3 damage to any target, you gain 3 life, and if a creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESea's Wrath	R	rare	Sorcery	152	R	2RR	Sea’s Wrath deals 3 damage to each creature, each planeswalker, and each opponent.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELife Anew	G	rare	Sorcery	176	G	3GG	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don’t control. For each point of excess damage dealt this way, return up to one target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Life Anew.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEGiant's Causeway		rare	Land	239	C		T: Add C. If that mana is spent on an enchantment spell, that spell can’t be countered.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Prophecy		rare	Enchantment — Oath 	2	C	4	At the beginning of your end step, if a legendary creature died this turn, Rigann’s Prophecy is fulfilled.
When Rigann’s Prophecy is fulfilled, exile it and search your library for a legendary creature card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESlumbering Hill		rare	Land	248	C		T: Add C.
4: Slumbering Hill becomes a 3/4 Giant creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMENaira's Gallows		rare	Legendary Land	243	C		T: Add C.
T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Scry 1.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMESceatha's Marvel		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	234	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has first strike.
Whenever a creature blocks or becomes blocked by equipped creature, that creature loses indestructible and trample until end of turn.
Equip legendary creature 2			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEBrooch of High Tara		rare	Artifact	231	C	2	1, T: Put a destined counter on target creature. If that creature doesn’t have destiny, it gains destiny and “This creature gets +2/+2 as long as it has three or more destined counters on it.” (Whenever a creature with destiny becomes tapped, put a destined counter on it. Stop at three.)			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEStone of Destiny	WUR	mythic	Legendary Artifact	227	WUR	RWU	If a triggered ability of another legendary permanent you control would trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMERigann's Dreaming	WB	mythic	Enchantment	209	WB	3WB	Whenever a creature dies, choose one —
• Exile that creature card from its owner’s graveyard. If you do, you gain life equal to its mana value.
• You may pay life equal to that creature’s mana value. If you do, return it to the battlefield tapped under your control.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEFables of Unell	UG	mythic	Enchantment	220	UG	2GU	Whenever a creature you control enters, you may have Fables of Unell become a copy of that creature until end of turn. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Fables of Unell. This ability triggers only once each turn.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEGreat Hunt of Capal Dú	BG	mythic	Sorcery	216	BG	1BG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life. X can’t be zero.
Destroy each permanent with mana value X.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEAnnan's Voyage	UR	mythic	Sorcery	211	UR	2UUR	Target opponent takes an extra turn after this one. That player skips the combat phase of that turn.
At the beginning of your next upkeep, take an extra turn after that one. The first time you attack during that turn, untap all creatures you control and there is an additional combat phase after that phase.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMELuth's Decree	WR	mythic	Enchantment	219	WR	RW	Players can’t win the game unless a source they control has dealt combat damage to a player this turn.
Players can’t lose the game unless they have been dealt combat damage this turn.
Each creature you control has vigilance and can block an additional creature each combat.			normal	GRU		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	259	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	257	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	255	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	253	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	251	C					normal	GRU		REPLACEME