Perilous Analyst	B	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	110	B	B	When Perilous Analyst dies, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWrithing Lasher	B	common	Creature — Nightmare 	121	B	3B	Emerge 4BB (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
Writhing Lasher enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if it emerged.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEmpty Husk	B	common	Creature — Nightmare Shade 	92	B	3B	B, Exile a card from a graveyard: Empty Husk gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUnequal Twins	B	common	Creature — Human Survivor 	118	B	4B	Unequal Twins enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Unequal Twins: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAugmented Specimen	B	common	Creature — Human Survivor 	84	B	5B	Augmented Specimen enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
Remove two +1/+1 counters from Augmented Specimen: Augmented Specimen gets +4/+4 until end of turn.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESynapse Parasite	G	common	Creature — Insect 	196	G	2G	When Synapse Parasite dies, draw a card.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEShambling Nest	G	common	Creature — Fungus Drone 	191	G	3G	G, Sacrifice Shambling Nest: Create three tapped 1/1 green Fungus Insect Mutant creature tokens.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBifurcated Behemoth	G	common	Creature — Beast Mutant 	167	G	4G	Bifurcated Behemoth can only be blocked by exactly two creatures.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGenetic Waste	G	common	Creature — Nightmare Horror 	177	G	4G	Trample
When Genetic Waste enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a creature. If you do, put two +1/+1 counters on Genetic Waste.	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDurable Host	G	common	Creature — Human Survivor Leviathan 	171	G	5G	Whenever a player sacrifices a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Durable Host. This ability triggers only once each turn.	6/6		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMalingering Brute	R	common	Creature — Human Survivor 	141	R	R	Haste
2R: Diverge 3/3 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 3/3 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESclerotic Stalker	R	common	Creature — Human Horror 	149	R	1R	Sclerotic Stalker has menace as long as you control two or more Mutants.
Whenever Sclerotic Stalker deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMERampaging Prototype	R	common	Creature — Tentacle Beast 	148	R	1R	4R: Diverge 6/3 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 6/3 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESporebone Shambler	R	common	Creature — Skeleton Fungus 	151	R	2R	T, Sacrifice Sporebone Shambler: Add CCC. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFlayed Prodigy	R	common	Creature — Human Mutant 	132	R	4R	When Flayed Prodigy enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to the number of Mutants you control to target player or planeswalker.	5/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIntercostal Abomination	R	common	Creature — Skeleton Drone Mutant 	139	R	5R		8/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEObsessive Grafter	U	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	63	U	2U	Flying
4U: Diverge 4/4 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 4/4 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMiserable Hybrid	U	common	Creature — Human Bird Mutant 	61	U	3U	Flying
Whenever Miserable Hybrid attacks, up to one other Mutant you control gains flying until end of turn.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVat Skulker	U	common	Creature — Human Fish 	80	U	4U	Emerge 5U (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Vat Skulker enters the battlefield, if it emerged, draw a card.	3/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEScuttling Lasher	U	common	Creature — Mutant Tentacle Crab 	67	U	3U		2/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGnarled Lichenthrope	W	common	Creature — Human Plant 	15	W	W	1: Diverge 2/2 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 2/2 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStretched Aberration	W	common	Creature — Human Gargoyle 	37	W	W	Flying
Whenever Stretched Aberration deals combat damage to an opponent, you may return it to its owner’s hand.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFatalistic Escapee	W	common	Creature — Human Survivor 	13	W	1W	Fatalistic Escapee has first strike as long as it’s your turn.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHazard Researcher	W	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	17	W	2W	Lifelink
Whenever Hazard Researcher becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPassive Broodsire	W	common	Creature — Human Insect 	24	W	2W	Flying
When Passive Broodsire enters the battlefield, if you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn, create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESudden Symbiote	W	common	Creature — Nightmare Beast 	38	W	2W	You may cast Sudden Symbiote as though it had flash as long as you’ve cast a noncreature spell this turn.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEImpassive Observer	W	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	19	W	3W	When Impassive Observer enters the battlefield, target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESprawling Mass	W	common	Creature — Human Slug Egg 	35	W	4W		2/9		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBrutish Bivalve	W	common	Creature — Human Oyster 	5	W	4W	Vigilance
Emerge 5W (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExperimental Collapse	W	common	Sorcery	11	W	1W	Destroy target creature if it attacked during its controller’s last turn or if one of its abilities was activated during its controller’s last turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEChitinous Exoskeleton	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	6	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block, can’t diverge, and can’t be sacrificed to pay for spells’ costs.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMELance Open	W	common	Instant	22	W	1W	Destroy target Aura, Equipment, or Mutant.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDecontaminate	W	common	Instant	8	W	1W	Exile target enchantment. You gain 3 life.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESecurity Personnel	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	31	W	W	When Security Personnel enters the battlefield, if it had a spell implanted into it, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIrradiated Inspector	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist Mutant 	21	W	1W	When Irradiated Inspector enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGenome Tester	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	14	W	WW	When Genome Tester enters the battlefield, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a card with implant from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMECrawling Lab-Rat	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Rat Hound 	7	W	2W	Flash
Emerge 1WW (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExtraction Squad	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	12	W	3W	Flash
When Extraction Squad enters the battlefield, you may return up to two target creatures you control to their owners’ hands.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESinuous Supplicant	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Bird 	33	W	3WW	Flying
When Sinuous Supplicant enters the battlefield, return target nonland permanent card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.	3/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEOverwhelmed Patrol	W	uncommon	Instant	23	W	2W	This spell costs 1 less to cast if a creature you control died this turn.
Create two 1/1 colorless Survivor creature tokens, then put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHerd Immunity	W	uncommon	Sorcery	18	W	2W	Create an X/X black Germ creature token, where X is the number of creatures you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEQuality Control	W	uncommon	Enchantment	27	W	2W	When Quality Control enters the battlefield, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Quality Control leaves the battlefield. If that permanent was a creature, you gain X life, where X is the number of creature types it had, up to a maximum of 5.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEQuarantine Breach	W	uncommon	Sorcery	28	W	1W	Create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Survivor you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESynthetic Limb	W	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	39	W	W	Equipped creature has first strike and “1W, Unattach Synthetic Limb: This creature gains indestructible until end of turn.”
Equip 2			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESilent Observation	W	uncommon	Instant	32	W	W	Your opponents can’t cast noncreature spells this turn.
Implant 2W (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECranial Restructuring	U	common	Instant	45	U	1U	Target creature gets +0/+3 until end of turn. Then target player mills X cards, where X is that creature’s toughness.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStrip Back	U	common	Instant	77	U	1U	Choose one —
• Counter target noncreature spell.
• Counter target creature spell if it has a spell implanted into it.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMire in Mucus	U	common	Instant	60	U	2U	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2. If you control a creature with three or more creature types, instead counter that spell unless its controller pays 4.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETyranny and Mutation	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	79	U	1U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature’s base power is 0. If it’s a Mutant, instead its base power is 4.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGruesome Surgery	U	common	Instant	54	U	1U	This spell costs 1 less to cast if it targets a Mutant.
Return target creature to its owner’s hand. 			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECritical Analysis	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	46	U	1U	Enchant creature
When Critical Analysis enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature if there are five or more cards in its controller’s graveyard. 
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEverchange	U	uncommon	Sorcery	51	U	U	Draw a card.
Implant 1U (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDessicated Apostle	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Survivor 	48	U	U	UU: Diverge 2/2 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 2/2 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
As long as Dessicated Apostle is a Mutant, creatures you control with three or more creature types have ward 2.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHardwired Subject	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Survivor 	56	U	1U	Whenever Hardwired Subject becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, untap it.
T: Untap target permanent not named Hardwired Subject. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEngineered Lamprey	U	uncommon	Creature — Fish Mutant 	49	U	2U	Whenever Engineered Lamprey becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, you may pay U. If you do, draw a card.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEChittering Metamorph	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Insect Mutant 	44	U	2UU	Flying
Other Mutants you control have flying.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBaun's Opus	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Leviathan 	42	U	4U	12U: Diverge 8/8. This ability costs X less to activate, where X is the greatest number of cards in an opponent’s graveyard. (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 8/8 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMembranous Maiden	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Mutant 	59	U	2U	Flash
When Membranous Maiden enters the battlefield, any number of target creatures you control each get +0/+1 until end of turn.	2/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMECaul Tyrant	U	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Mutant 	43	U	1UU	Whenever Caul Tyrant becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, each opponent mills three cards.
1U: Another target creature you control gets +0/+2 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEOvercomplicate	U	uncommon	Instant	65	U	1U	Counter target spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of cards in its controller’s graveyard.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecimen Selection	G	common	Instant	195	G	2G	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. If the revealed card has three or more creature types, you gain 2 life.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMarch of Evolution	U	uncommon	Sorcery	58	U	3UU	Tap all creatures target player controls. Those creatures don’t untap during that player’s next untap step. Mutants you control gain hexproof until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIron Lung	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	57	U	1U	Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library and you draw a card.
Equip 2			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEOcular Abscess	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	107	B	B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1, has deathtouch, and has “when this creature dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.”			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHarvest for Parts	B	common	Sorcery	99	B	1B	Each player sacrifices a creature.
Implant 2B (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEError Threshold	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	4B	Destroy target creature. Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESecrets of the Flesh	B	common	Sorcery	115	B	2B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, remove two counters from a permanent you control or pay 2 life.
Draw two cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEnhanced Carapace	B	common	Artifact — Equipment 	93	B	B	When Enhanced Carapace enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Whenever a creature dies, if it had any counters on it, put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHeartbeat in the Brain	B	common	Sorcery	100	B	1B	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard.
Destroy target creature or enchantment an opponent controls. If the additional cost wasn’t paid, you lose life equal to that permanent’s mana value.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEViral Progessor	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Carrier 	120	B	B	Emerge 2B (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Viral Progessor enters the battlefield, if it emerged, target opponent sacrifices a creature or enchantment.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEChitinous Filth	B	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Insect 	88	B	3B	Emerge 5B (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
You may cast Chitinous Filth from your graveyard for its emerge cost.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBreach Responder	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	85	B	3BB	Emerge costs you pay cost 1 less.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if it emerged, draw a card.	3/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMECannibal Brood	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Spawn 	86	B	1B	1B, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Each opponent loses 2 life.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMycoid Hive	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Fungus Beast 	105	B	1BB	B, Sacrifice a creature: Mycoid Hive gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If the sacrificed creature was a Survivor, Mycoid Hive gains menace until end of turn.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDecompression	B	uncommon	Sorcery	89	B	BB	Remove all counters from target permanent. Then if that permanent is a creature, it gets -3/-3 until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMENew Flesh	B	uncommon	Sorcery	106	B	4B	Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. That creature is a Mutant in addition to its other types.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFrantic Disembowelment	B	uncommon	Sorcery	98	B	1BB	All creatures with no counters on them get -2/-2 until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVestige of Humanity	B	uncommon	Sorcery	119	B	2B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. If the chosen card had three or more creature types, each opponent mills three cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDig Through Gore	B	uncommon	Sorcery	91	B	3BB	Search your library for a card, put that card into your hand, then shuffle.
Implant—2BB, Pay 3 life (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExcarnate	B	uncommon	Sorcery	95	B	XBB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, remove any number of counters from among permanents you control. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each counter removed this way.
Excarnate deals X damage to target player and you gain X life.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBurning Viscera	R	common	Instant	125	R	1R	Burning Viscera deals 2 damage to any target.
Implant 3R (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMELymphatic Burst	R	common	Instant	140	R	3R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve cast another noncreature spell this turn.
Lymphatic Burst deals 4 damage to any target.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFacility Breach	R	common	Sorcery	130	R	3R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. If you control a Mutant, Facility Breach deals 3 damage to that creature’s owner.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETaste for Blood	R	common	Instant	152	R	2R	Taste for Blood deals 1 damage to target opponent. Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERadical Restructuring	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	147	R	1R	Enchant creature you control.
Enchanted creature is a 3/3 Mutant with trample.
When enchanted creature dies, draw a card.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECrisis Response	R	common	Instant	127	R	1R	Up to two target creatures each get +2/+1 until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMeltdown Klaxon	R	common	Sorcery	144	R	1R	Choose one —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Up to two target creatures can’t block this turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWrack the Brain	R	common	Instant	160	R	R	Discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
Implant R (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAtavistic Snapper	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Lizard 	123	R	R	1R: Diverge 2/1 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 2/1 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
As long as Atavistic Snapper is a Mutant, it has first strike.	1/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDuality of Man	R	uncommon	Creature — Mutant Horror 	128	R	1R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay 1. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHost Vessel	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Drone 	136	R	2R	4RR: Diverge 6/4 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 6/4 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
As long as Host Vessel is a Mutant, noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEYawning Maw	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Processor 	161	R	4R	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Yawning Maw deals 2 damage to each opponent.	5/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMedulla Thrasher	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Octopus Mutant 	143	R	4R	Medulla Thrasher enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.
1, Remove two +1/+1 counters from Medulla Thrasher: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.	0/0		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAcrid Spores	R	uncommon	Sorcery	122	R	1R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, remove any number of counters from among permanents you control.
Acrid Spores deals X damage to each creature, where X is the number of counters removed to cast this spell.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGastric Expansion	R	uncommon	Sorcery	133	R	2R	Gastric Expansion deals 2 damage to each non-Mutant creature.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPrototype Prosthetic	R	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	145	R	R	1, Sacrifice a permanent: Put a +1/+1 counter on equipped creature.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHormonal Overdose	R	uncommon	Enchantment	135	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. That creature attacks this turn if able.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETissue Harvesting	R	uncommon	Instant	155	R	2R	Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. If that card has implant, Tissue Harvesting deals 2 damage to any target. Exile Tissue Harvesting.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEParasitic Urge	G	common	Sorcery	186	G	1G	Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if it emerged, you may exile Parasitic Urge from your graveyard and copy it. You may cast the copy.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBasal Chiasm	G	common	Instant	166	G	1G	Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. If it has three or more creature types, it also gains trample until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVascular Burst	G	uncommon	Instant	198	G	2G	Target creature gains deathtouch and trample until end of turn. (A creature with deathtouch and trample can assign one point of damage to each blocker and the rest to the defending player or planeswalker.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECommune with the Flesh	G	uncommon	Sorcery	168	G	G	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
Implant G (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERun Afoul	G	common	Instant	190	G	G	Target opponent sacrifices a creature with flying.			normal	XSK		!tag reprintREPLACEMEDisentangle	G	common	Instant	170	G	1G	Destroy up to one target artifact. Create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMeltdown Responder	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scientist 	181	G	G	Trample, menace
7G: Diverge 8/8 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 8/8 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWrithing Meat	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Beast 	200	G	1G	Creatures you control with three or more creature types have trample.
3G: Diverge 4/4 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 4/4 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMycoid Marrowsucker	G	uncommon	Creature — Fungus Skeleton 	182	G	1GG	When Mycoid Marrowsucker enters the battlefield, you may exile a creature card from your graveyard. When you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Mycoid Marrowsucker and you gain 2 life.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPhytosymbiont	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Worm 	188	G	3G	T: For each creature you control, choose one of its creature types not already chosen. Add an amount of G equal to the number of types chosen this way.	2/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGrafted Centipede	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Insect Serpent 	178	G	4G	Reach
Emerge 5GG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Grafted Centipede enters the battlefield, if it emerged, destroy target creature with flying.	5/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExponential Ravager	G	uncommon	Creature — Fractal Mutant Horror 	172	G	4GG	Trample
When Exponential Ravager enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. Put X +1/+1 counters on Exponential Ravager, where X is the total power of creatures sacrificed this way.	6/6		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESynthetic Hulk	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Zombie Mutant 	197	G	XG	Emerge XGG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
Synthetic Hulk enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEApex Experiment	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Kraken 	165	G	7GG	Trample
Emerge 9GG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
You may sacrifice up to two creatures to pay Apex Experiment’s emerge cost.	10/10		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPlanes Beyond	G	uncommon	Sorcery	189	G	1GG	You may reveal a land card you own from outside the game and put it onto the battlefield tapped.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEImprove Upon Nature	G	uncommon	Enchantment	180	G	G	1, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESilken Warning	G	common	Instant	192	G	G	Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains reach until end of turn. Untap it.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMENot Yet Dead	G	uncommon	Sorcery	184	G	2G	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
Implant 2G (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECircle of the Tyrants		common	Artifact — Equipment 	233	C	1	Equipped creature gets +2/-1.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPrototype Endoskeleton		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Skeleton 	237	C	6	Trample
Emerge 8 (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)	5/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecimen Jars		common	Artifact	240	C	0	T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard, sacrifice Specimen Jars: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEForbidden Catalyst		rare	Artifact	234	C	2	T: Add C.
T: Add two mana in any combination of colors. Spend this mana only to activate diverge abilities or to cast a creature spell for its emerge cost.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDissection Theater		uncommon	Land — Laboratory 	245	B		Dissection Theater enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B.
2B, Sacrifice a Laboratory: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWaste Recycling		uncommon	Land — Laboratory 	252	R		Waste Recycling enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R.
2R, Sacrifice a Laboratory: Waste Recycling deals 2 damage to each opponent.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecimen Chamber		uncommon	Land — Laboratory 	249	U		Specimen Chamber enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U.
2U, Sacrifice a Laboratory: Target player mills six cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEResearch Mainframe		uncommon	Land — Laboratory 	248	W		Research Mainframe enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W.
2W, Sacrifice a Laboratory: Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBiology Department		uncommon	Land — Laboratory 	242	G		Biology Department enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G.
2G, Sacrifice a Laboratory: Create a tapped 3/2 green Mutant creature token.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETest Subject		common	Creature — Human Survivor 	1	C	3	Whenever you sacrifice Test Subject, you may search your library for a card named Test Subject, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMany Hands	R	uncommon	Creature — Mutant Horror 	142	R	3R	Reach
Emerge 4RR (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Many Hands enters the battlefield, if it emerged, it deals 3 damage to target creature.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEntity One	BG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Nightmare 	207	BG	2BG	Creature cards in your hand have emerge. Their emerge cost is equal to 2 plus their mana cost. (For example, a creature card with mana cost 3BBG would have emerge 5BBG)	2/9		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFeral Remnants	U	common	Creature — Human Drone 	53	U	3U	Whenever Feral Remnants becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s next untap step.	2/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEArtful Dissection	B	common	Instant	83	B	1B	Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn. Create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token.			normal	XSK		body horrorREPLACEMEEnhanced Skeleton	U	common	Artifact — Equipment 	50	U	1U	When Enhanced Skeleton enters the battlefield, attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1. If it has three or more creature types, it gets an additional +1/+1.
Equip 3			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESurvivor		common	Token Creature — Survivor 	1	C			1/1		token	XSK		REPLACEMECystic Piper	U	common	Creature — Mutant Bard 	47	U	U	When Cystic Piper enters the battlefield, target player mills four cards.	1/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUnder the Knife	W	uncommon	Sorcery	41	W	1W	Destroy target creature if its power is greater than its toughness.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEInvasive Augmentation	W	common	Sorcery	20	W	W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
Implant W (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBone Saw		common	Artifact — Equipment 	232	C	0	Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		!tag reprintREPLACEMEGerm	B	common	Token Creature — Germ 	2	B			*/*		token	XSK		REPLACEMEXSK Draft Archetypes		common		8	WUBRG		WU ENHANCEMENT Target your own creatures to create the perfect specimen.
UB MILL The mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
BR COUNTERS Experiment on your victims with additional counters.
RG SACRIFICE Science demands a heavy price sometimes. Let others pay it.
GW IMPLANT Graft strange new abilities onto your creatures.
WB GRAVEYARD Not all specimens survive. But all of them serve a purpose.
BG EMERGE Use creatures to fuel bigger monsters as the game goes on.
GU SPECIATION Embrace variety and be rewarded for multiple creature types.
UR MUTANTS Born or created, gather your mutant coterie and thrive.
RW SPELLS Some subjects respond well to stimulus. Cast spells and find out.			token	XSK		REPLACEMEResearch Notes		rare	Artifact	238	C	3	Whenever a creature you control enters the battlefield or diverges, note one of its creature types that hasn’t been noted for Research Notes.
3, T: Scry X, where X is the number of creature types noted for Research Notes, then draw a card.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECold Slab	WB	uncommon	Sorcery	204	WB	WB	Target player loses X life and you gain twice X life, where X is the number of card types among cards in your graveyard.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEContainment Pod	RG	uncommon	Artifact	205	RG	RG	Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, exile it.
2RG, T, Exile Containment Pod: Containment Pod deals damage to target opponent equal to the number of cards exiled with it. Choose one of those cards at random and put it into your hand.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFlayed Chorus	UB	rare	Creature — Human Spawn Mystic 	209	UB	2UB	T: For each creature you control, choose one of its creature types not already chosen. Target player mills X cards, where X is the number of types chosen this way. You may activate this ability as though Flayed Chorus had haste.	2/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGrafted Glider	WU	uncommon	Creature — Human Bird Mutant 	210	WU	1WU	Flying
Whenever Grafted Glider becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, you may tap or untap target permanent.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGreater Endomorph	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Skeleton 	211	UG	GU	Each creature you control with three or more creature types gets +1/+1 and has trample.
GU: Choose a creature type. Until end of turn, other creatures you control become that type in addition to their other types.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIncubation Vat	UR	uncommon	Artifact	214	UR	UR	Diverge abilities you activate cost 1 less to activate.
Mutants you control get +1/+1.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEOld Boneless	WG	uncommon	Creature — Human Fungus 	219	WG	GW	Trample
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under you control, if a spell was implanted into it, put two +1/+1 counters on Old Boneless.	2/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPatient Zero	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Carrier 	220	BR	1BR	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, if it had counters on it, create an X/X black Germ creature token, where X is the number of counters on that creature.
B/R, Sacrifice a Germ: Put a +1/+1 counter on Patient Zero.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEReassembled Semblance	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Beast 	223	BG	BG	Emerge 3BG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Reassembled Semblance enters the battlefield, if it emerged, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMERepeat Subject	WU	rare	Creature — Human Survivor 	224	WU	WU	You may pay X rather than pay the mana cost for spells you cast that target exactly one creature you control, where X is that spell’s mana value.	1/3		normal	XSK		body horrorREPLACEMEUnstable Outcast	WR	uncommon	Creature — Human Ooze 	230	WR	RW	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, untap Unstable Outcast.
T: Unstable Outcast deals 1 damage to each opponent and you gain 1 life.	0/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVivisection	U	uncommon	Sorcery	81	U	3U	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Draw three cards.			normal	XSK		!tag reprintREPLACEMEOcular Enhancement	U	common	Instant	64	U	1U	Scry 1, then draw a card. If you control a creature with three or more creature types, instead scry 3, then draw a card.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFailed Experiment	U	common	Creature — Nightmare Beast 	52	U	1U	4U: Diverge 4/4 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 4/4 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	2/1		normal	XSK		body horrorREPLACEMEPenitent Gorger	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Survivor 	108	B	1B	3B: Diverge 3/3 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 3/3 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
As long as Penitent Gorger is a Mutant, it has lifelink.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMERupture Fiend	B	uncommon	Creature — Horror Beast 	113	B	2B	Rupture Fiend enters the battlefield with either a +1/+1 counter or a menace counter on it chosen at random.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPuncture Fiend	R	uncommon	Creature — Horror Beast 	146	R	3R	Puncture Fiend enters the battlefield with either a +1/+1 counter or a haste counter on it chosen at random.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESkinless Seer	G	common	Creature — Human Antelope Beast 	193	G	2G	Emerge 4GG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Skinless Seer enters the battlefield, if it emerged, destroy target artifact or enchantment.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESkittering Predator	G	common	Creature — Human Spider 	194	G	1G	Trample
3GG: Diverge 5/5 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 5/5 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFungal Growth	G	common	Sorcery	175	G	1G	You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
Implant 1G (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEArdent Experimenter	B	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	82	B	1B	Ardent Experimenter enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it as long as a player has seven or more cards in their graveyard.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHapless Hybrid	U	common	Creature — Human Insect 	55	U	2U	Flying
Whenever Hapless Hybrid becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, target player mills two cards.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMETwisted Shambler	R	common	Creature — Human Horror 	156	R	1R	Twisted Shambler has trample as long as it has a counter on it.
1, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Twisted Shambler.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFruiting Body	G	common	Creature — Human Fungus 	174	G	1G	1G, Sacrifice Fruiting Body: Return target non-Fungus creature card or card with implant from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEXylosynthetic Husk	G	common	Creature — Human Plant Skeleton 	201	G	G	Whenever you sacrifice Xylosynthetic Husk, create a 1/1 colorless Survivor creature token.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEInfected Insurrectionist	R	common	Creature — Human Mutant Rebel 	138	R	3R	When Infected Insurrectionist enters the battlefield, return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPrison Break	W	common	Sorcery	25	W	1W	As long there are seven or more cards in your graveyard, you may cast this spell as though it had flash.
Create two 1/1 colorless Survivor creature tokens.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMoxilus Hulk	U	common	Creature — Fungus Beast 	62	U	1U	Flash
4U: Diverge 3/6 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 3/6 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	1/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEReconstitute	B	common	Sorcery	111	B	2B	Target player mills three cards, then you return up to two creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecimen Capture	U	uncommon	Instant	75	U	U	Exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERecycled Upgrade	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	29	W	W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.
You may cast this spell from your graveyard by exiling two other cards from your graveyard in addition to paying its other costs.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEscaped Experiment	W	common	Creature — Horror Beast 	10	W	1W	As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a noncreature, nonland card from your hand or pay 3.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEProof of Concept	W	common	Creature — Bird Skeleton Construct 	26	W	1W	Flying
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Proof of Concept gets +1/+1 until end of turn. If that spell targets Proof of Concept, instead put a +1/+1 counter on Proof of Concept.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEScreaming Rebirth	W	common	Sorcery	30	W	W	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.
Implant 1W (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExpendable Captive	B	common	Creature — Human Leech 	96	B	1B	If Expendable Captive is sacrificed to pay for a creature spell’s emerge cost, that creature enters the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMELarval Hybrid	B	common	Creature — Insect Chimera 	101	B	2B	Larval Hybrid enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.
1, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Larval Hybrid: Target player mills three cards.	0/0		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESinewed Evangel	B	common	Creature — Nightmare Horror 	116	B	2B	Emerge 5B (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Sinewed Evangel enters the battlefield, if it emerged, target player mills two cards and loses 2 life.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMind Flense	B	common	Sorcery	103	B	B	Target player reveals X cards from their hand, where X is 1 plus the number of card types among cards in all graveyards. You choose one of those cards. That player discards that card.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESerum Injection	U	common	Instant	72	U	1U	Until end of turn, target creature becomes a 4/4 blue Human Jellyfish Mutant and gains hexproof.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESynaptic Tampering	U	common	Sorcery	78	U	1U	Choose one. If you control a creature with three or more creature types as you cast this spell, you may choose both.
• Draw two cards, then discard a card.
• Target player mills five cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHyperstasis	UB	uncommon	Sorcery	213	UB	1UB	Target opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until three creature cards are revealed. That player puts all cards revealed this way into their graveyard.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMECareless Researcher	B	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	87	B	2B	3BB: Diverge 5/5 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 5/5 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDiverge		common		7	C		You can mark a creature that has diverged with this reminder card			token	XSK		REPLACEMEFungus Insect Mutant	G	common	Token Creature — Fungus Insect Mutant 	3	G			1/1		token	XSK		REPLACEMEHydroponic Spurt	G	common	Sorcery	179	G	G	Exile target creature card from a graveyard. When you do, create a 1/1 green Fungus Insect Mutant creature token.
Implant G (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMycoid Progenitor	G	common	Creature — Fungus Horror Noble 	183	G	3G	Emerge 6G (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAllele Grafter	G	common	Creature — Human Scientist 	163	G	2G	When Allele Grafter enters the battlefield, return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If that creature had three or more creature types, put a +1/+1 counter on Allele Grafter.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAutopsy	R	common	Instant	124	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGrim Parazoan	R	common	Creature — Sponge Mutant 	134	R	2R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Grim Parazoan.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVoracious Specimen	R	common	Creature — Cat Beast Mutant 	157	R	3R	T, Sacrifice a creature: Voracious Specimen deals 2 damage to each opponent. If the sacrificed creature was a Mutant, Voracious Specimen deals 3 damage to each opponent instead.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	253	C					normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	254	C					normal	XSK		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	255	C					normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	256	C					normal	XSK		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	257	C					normal	XSK		REPLACEMECuriosity Gallery		rare	Land — Laboratory 	243	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell with at least one creature type not found among creatures you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMutant	G	common	Token Creature — Mutant 	6	G			3/2		token	XSK		REPLACEMESurgeon's Slab		common	Land — Laboratory 	251	C		When Surgeon’s Slab enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 1 life.
T: Add C.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEShow of Strength	R	uncommon	Sorcery	150	R	2R	Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. The creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each counter on it. Then those creatures fight each other.			normal	XSK		REPRINT (from QYR)REPLACEMESightless Shambler	U	rare	Creature — Human Nightmare 	73	U	2U	3UU: Diverge 4/4 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 4/4 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
When Sightless Shambler diverges, exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Copy that card. You may cast the copy without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESavage Extraction	B	rare	Sorcery	114	B	5B	Exile target creature or planeswalker. Search its controller’s graveyard, hand, and library for all cards with the same name as that permanent and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETelomere Charger	R	rare	Creature — Human 	154	R	2R	XR: Diverge 1/1 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 1/1 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
When Telomere Charger diverges, it gets +X/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAleph, Mutant Primus	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Nightstalker Mutant 	162	G	2GG	If a permanent you control being put into a graveyard from the battlefield causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEmergency Countdown	W	rare	Sorcery	9	W	3WW	Choose a creature type from among creatures on the battlefield. Each player who controls a creature of the chosen type draws a card. Then destroy all creatures.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESonorous Cetacean	U	rare	Creature — Human Whale Mutant 	74	U	4UUU	Flying
Whenever Sonorous Cetacean becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, you may return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.	5/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEExperimental Overseer	B	rare	Creature — Human Scientist 	97	B	1B	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under you control, if it emerged and if Experimental Overseer wasn’t sacrificed to pay its emerge cost, you may return Experimental Overseer from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEruption of Flesh	R	rare	Instant	129	R	1R	For each creature you control, choose one of its creature types not already chosen. Eruption of Flesh deals damage to any target equal to the number of types chosen this way.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAlpha's Awakening	W	rare	Enchantment	3	W	WW	If one or more counters would be put on a creature or planeswalker you control, that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters are put on that permanent instead.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAspect of Exaptation	W	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	4	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creatures you control.
3W: Return Aspect of Exaptation from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only if you control three or more creatures.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESecurity Failsafe	U	rare	Sorcery	69	U	2U	Each opponent mills cards until that player has milled a creature card, a land card, and a noncreature, nonland card.
Implant 3UU (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERen's Grand Design	B	rare	Instant	112	B	2BB	Look at the top seven cards of target opponent’s library, exile one of them face down, then put the rest on the bottom of that library in a random order. You may look at and cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFossil Record	G	rare	Sorcery	173	G	XGG	Fossil Record costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control with three or more creature types.
Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESterile Conditions	W	rare	Sorcery	36	W	W	Return target nonland permanent card with mana value 1 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. 
Implant WW (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESelf-Experimenter	U	rare	Creature — Human Scientist 	70	U	1UU	2UU: Diverge 1/1 (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become 1/1 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may cast spells from the top of your library as long as Self-Experimenter is a Mutant.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEField Analyst	R	rare	Creature — Human Scientist 	131	R	RR	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature you control.
Creatures you control with counters on them have haste.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAnabolic Infusion	G	rare	Sorcery	164	G	3GG	Double the power and toughness of each creature you control until end of turn.
Implant 2GGGG (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHashua, Security Chief	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	212	WB	WB	As long as Hashua, Security Chief is untapped, players can’t cast noncreature spells with mana value greater than the number of lands you control.	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAmniotic Chamber	WR	rare	Artifact	202	WR	RW	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. If this is the third time this ability has triggered this turn, creatures you control gain haste and vigilance until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESubject Selection	WG	rare	Instant	226	WG	XGW	Create X 1/1 colorless Survivor creature tokens.
Implant XGW (As you cast a creature spell, you may reveal this card from your hand and pay its implant cost. If you do, that spell gains “When this creature enters the battlefield” and this card’s effects.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEthical Violation	BG	rare	Creature — Nightmare Wraith 	208	BG	BG	Emerge 4BG (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Ethical Violation enters the battlefield, if it emerged, destroy target permanent.	3/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBrutal Fusion	RG	rare	Creature — Human Antelope Beast 	203	RG	RG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Trample, haste
Brutal Fusion’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEProject Gamal-III	UG	rare	Legendary Creature	221	UG	3GGU	At the beginning of your upkeep, choose up to three creature types. Project Gamal-III is the chosen types until the beginning of your next upkeep.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each of their creatures types, to a maximum of +3/+3.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMedical Torture	BR	rare	Sorcery	217	BR	3BR	For each creature you control, choose one of its creature types not already chosen. Target opponent loses life equal to the number of types chosen this way.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEScientific Method	U	rare	Instant	66	U	3UU	Exile the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand. You may cast a spell from the remaining pile without paying its mana cost.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDevourer of Flesh	B	rare	Creature — Demon Mutant 	90	B	5B	Emerge 6BB (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Devourer of Flesh enters the battlefield, if it emerged, each player loses half their life, rounded up.	6/6		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHyperevolution	R	rare	Sorcery	137	R	1R	Destroy target nonenchantment permanent an opponent controls. Its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a permanent card that shares a card type with that permanent. They put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order.
Implant 2R			normal	XSK		FLAGREPLACEMEPersistent Sporecap	G	rare	Creature — Skeleton Fungus 	187	G	3G	Implant costs you pay cost 1 less.
When Persistent Sporecap dies, you may exile it. If you do, return up to two target cards from your graveyard to your hand.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEGrowth-Vat Subject	W	rare	Creature — Human Mutant 	16	W	1WW	Double strike
Whenever Growth-Vat Subject becomes the target of a spell or ability you control, you may pay X, where X is the number of counters on Growth-Vat Subject. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on Growth-Vat Subject.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESecrets of Biology	U	rare	Instant	68	U	3UU	Scry X, where X is the number of creatures you control that have three or more creature types, then draw three cards.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStunted Runt	B	rare	Creature — Human Survivor 	117	B	B	If Stunted Runt is sacrificed to pay for a creature spell’s emerge cost, you may pay 2 life. If you do, target player reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card. 	1/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMECephalic Monstrosity	R	rare	Creature — Human Octopus Mutant 	126	R	1R	Whenever Cephalic Monstrosity attacks, you may sacrifice a Mutant. If you do, Cephalic Monstrosity deals damage equal to that Mutant’s power to target player or planeswalker.	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEOrthogenesis	G	rare	Enchantment	185	G	1GG	Whenever a creature you control enters the battlefield or diverges, note one of its creature types that hasn’t been noted for Orthogenesis.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if eight or more types have been noted for Orthogenesis, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield. Then if fifteen or more types have been noted for Orthogenesis, you win the game.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEPerfected Weapon	B	rare	Creature — Nightmare Gargoyle 	109	B	BB	Flying
Whenever Perfected Weapon deals combat damage to a player, each player loses life equal to the number of counters on it, then put a +1/+1 on Perfected Weapon.	2/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMETaxidermied Hellkite	R	rare	Creature — Mutant Dragon 	153	R	2RR	Flying
R: Taxidermied Hellkite gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
2R: Mutants you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAdvanced Genomics	W	rare	Enchantment	2	W	1WW	As Advanced Genomics enters the battlefield, choose two creature types.
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each of the chosen types they are.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESensory Perception	U	rare	Instant	71	U	1U	For each creature you control, choose one of its creature types not already chosen. Search your library for a card with mana value less than or equal to the number of types chosen this way, reveal it, put into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMELives Unlived	B	rare	Instant	102	B	2B	Search your library for up to four creature cards with different names and reveal them. An opponent chooses two of those cards. Put the chosen cards into your graveyard and the rest into your hand. Then shuffle.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWandering Ganglia	R	rare	Creature — Elemental Skeleton Mutant 	158	R	1R	Emerge XRRR (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When Wandering Ganglia enters the battlefield, if it emerged, exile the top X cards of your library. You may play those cards until the end of your next turn.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDecontamination Unit	G	rare	Creature — Human Scientist 	169	G	1G	Decontamination Unit gets +2/+2 as long as you control three or more differently named Laboratories.
3, T, Sacrifice a land: Search your library for a basic land card or Laboratory card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEDimensional Tank		rare	Land — Laboratory 	244	UB		Dimensional Tank enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add U or B.
When Dimensional Tank is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, look at the top card of your library. You may put that card into your graveyard.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEObservation Deck		rare	Land — Laboratory 	247	WU		Observation Deck enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add W or U.
When Observation Deck is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAbandoned Terrarium		rare	Land — Laboratory 	241	WG		Abandoned Terrarium enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add G or W.
When Abandoned Terrarium is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you gain 3 life.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStasis Cells		rare	Land — Laboratory 	250	RG		Stasis Cells enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add R or G.
When Stasis Cells is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFluid Refinery		rare	Land — Laboratory 	246	BR		Fluid Refinery enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add B or R.
When Fluid Refinery is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, target opponent loses 2 life.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpliced Seraph	W	rare	Creature — Angel Horror 	34	W	5W	Flying
When Spliced Seraph enters the battlefield, exile target creature and target creature card in a graveyard. Return the exiled cards to the battlefield under their owners’ control when Spliced Seraph leaves the battlefield.	4/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEFused Amalgam	G	rare	Creature — Human Hydra 	176	G	7GGG	When Fused Amalgam dies, create three 3/3 green Human Horror creature tokens. They have “When this creature dies, create three 1/1 green Human Splinter creature tokens.”	9/9		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHuman Horror	G	common	Token Creature — Human Horror 	4	G		When this creature dies, create three 1/1 green Human Splinter creature tokens.	3/3		token	XSK		REPLACEMEHuman Splinter	G	common	Token Creature — Human Splinter 	5	G			1/1		token	XSK		REPLACEMEPreservation Jar		rare	Artifact	236	C	3	As Preservation Jar enters the battlefield, choose a creature card name.
Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can’t be activated unless they’re mana abilities.
Permanents with the chosen name can’t attack or block.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEHazard Suit		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	235	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 2 and protection from Mutants.
Equip 2
Equip Scientist 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERusted Needle		rare	Artifact — Equipment 	239	C	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever Rusted Needle becomes unattached from a creature, that creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEKuth Von, Hypergeneticist	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	216	UR	1UR	Other creatures you control have “XU/R: Diverge X/X.” (If that creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become X/X and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEProject Halcyon	UG	mythic	Legendary Artifact	222	UG	1GU	G/U, T, Sacrifice a token: Search your library for a creature card with combined power and toughness equal to 1 plus the sacrificed token’s combined power and toughness, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUkarth Ren, Vivisector	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Scientist 	229	UB	2UB	Whenever you sacrifice a nontoken creature, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s 2/2.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVitho Baun, Artisan of Flesh	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	231	WU	1WU	WU, T: Choose target creature, then choose one —
• Until end of turn, that creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
• Exile that creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESush Kur, Sporebreeder	RG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	227	RG	1RG	When Sush Kur, Sporebreeder enters the battlefield, put a spore counter on each other creature you control.
RG, Sacrifice a creature with a spore counter on it: Create X 1/1 green Fungus Insect Mutant creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature’s power. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMETranshumanism	W	mythic	Enchantment	40	W	1WW	When Transhumanism enters the battlefield, each player may put a +1/+1 counter on up to one creature.
Each creature can’t attack unless its power or toughness is higher than its base power or toughness.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStolen Spark	U	mythic	Enchantment — Aura 	76	U	UU	Enchant creature or planeswalker
When Stolen Spark enters the battlefield, if enchanted permanent isn’t a planeswalker, put three loyalty counters on it and it becomes a legendary planeswalker with “+1: Scry 1.” and “-3: Draw a card.” (It’s no longer a creature.)			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMore Human Than Human	B	mythic	Sorcery	104	B	6B	Put all Human cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWarp Vision	R	mythic	Sorcery	159	R	1RR	Exile your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast spells from among the exiled cards. When you cast a spell this way, it deals damage to you equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEWar Nerve	G	mythic	Sorcery	199	G	XGG	Double the power of each of up to X target creatures until end of turn. If seven or more green mana was spent to cast this spell, those creatures gain trample until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIt From Beyond	WG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Horror 	215	WUBRG	3GW	When It From Beyond enters the battlefield, exile all cards from graveyards.
Spells you cast cost W less to cast if you own a white card in exile. The same is true for U and blue, B and black, R and red, and G and green.	4/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEmergence Beacon	WB	mythic	Legendary Artifact	206	WB	1WB	T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Choose target card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn if its mana value is less than or equal to the exiled card’s.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUdim, Human Plus	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Construct 	228	BR	2BR	As Udim, Human Plus enters the battlefield, you may pay any amount of life.
Udim, Human Plus enters the battlefield tapped with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the life paid.	0/0		normal	XSK		REPLACEMENemesis, Imperfect Form	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Squid Ox 	218	WR	2RW	Whenever a source you control deals damage to an opponent, put a +1/+1 counter on Nemesis, Imperfect Form.
Remove three +1/+1 counters from Nemesis: Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards. Instant and sorcery spells you cast this way have lifelink.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecimen Alpha	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Octopus Demon 	225	UR	1UR	2UR: Diverge 3/12 or 9/3  (If this creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become your choice of 3/12 or 9/3 and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)
When Specimen Alpha diverges, discard your hand and draw three cards.	3/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStony Silence	W	masterpiece	Enchantment	1	W	1W	Activated abilities of artifacts can’t be activated.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMETempered Steel	W	masterpiece	Enchantment	2	W	1WW	Artifact creatures you control get +2/+2.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMELaboratory Maniac	U	masterpiece	Creature — Human Wizard 	3	U	2U	If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUnnatural Selection	U	masterpiece	Enchantment	4	U	1U	1: Choose a creature type other than Wall. Target creature becomes that type until end of turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESpecies Specialist	B	masterpiece	Creature — Human Warrior 	5	B	2BB	As Species Specialist enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Whenever a creature of the chosen type dies, you may draw a card.	2/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMESurgical Extraction	B	masterpiece	Instant	6	B	H/B	Choose target card in a graveyard other than a basic land card. Search its owner’s graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as that card and exile them. Then that player shuffles.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBlasphemous Act	R	masterpiece	Sorcery	7	R	8R	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.
Blasphemous Act deals 13 damage to each creature.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMERepercussion	R	masterpiece	Enchantment	8	R	1RR	Whenever a creature is dealt damage, Repercussion deals that much damage to that creature’s controller.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEBirthing Pod	G	masterpiece	Artifact	9	G	3H/G	1H/G, Sacrifice a creature: Search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEldritch Evolution	G	masterpiece	Sorcery	10	G	1GG	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Search your library for a creature card with mana value X or less, where X is 2 plus the sacrificed creature’s mana value. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Exile Eldritch Evolution.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEmergence Beacon	WB	masterpiece	Legendary Artifact	11	WB	1WB	T, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Choose target card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn if its mana value is less than or equal to the exiled card’s.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEEntity One	BG	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Nightmare 	12	BG	2BG	Creature cards in your hand have emerge. Their emerge cost is equal to 2 plus their mana cost. (For example, a creature card with mana cost 3BBG would have emerge 5BBG)	2/9		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEIt From Beyond	WG	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Horror 	13	WUBRG	3GW	When It From Beyond enters the battlefield, exile all cards from graveyards.
Spells you cast cost W less if you own a white card in exile. The same is true for U and blue, B and black, R and red, and G and green.	4/5		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEKuth Von, Hypergeneticist	UR	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	14	UR	1UR	Other creatures you control have “XU/R: Diverge X/X.” (If that creature isn’t a Mutant, its base power and toughness become X/X and it becomes a Mutant in addition to its other types. Diverge only as a sorcery.)	3/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMENemesis, Imperfect Form	WR	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Squid Ox 	15	WR	2RW	Whenever a source you control deals damage to an opponent, put a +1/+1 counter on Nemesis, Imperfect Form.
Remove three +1/+1 counters from Nemesis: Exile the top two cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards. Instant and sorcery spells you cast this way have lifelink.	1/1		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEProject Halcyon	UG	masterpiece	Legendary Artifact	16	UG	1GU	G/U, T, Sacrifice a token: Search your library for a creature card with combined power and toughness equal to 1 plus the sacrificed token’s combined power and toughness, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESush Kur, Sporebreeder	RG	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	17	RG	1RG	When Sush Kur, Sporebreeder enters the battlefield, put a spore counter on each other creature you control.
RG, Sacrifice a creature with a spore counter on it: Create X 1/1 green Fungus Insect Mutant creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature’s power. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUdim, Human Plus	BR	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Human Construct 	18	BR	2BR	As Udim, Human Plus enters the battlefield, you may pay any amount of life.
Udim, Human Plus enters the battlefield tapped with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the life paid.	0/0		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEUkarth Ren, Vivisector	UB	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Elf Scientist 	19	UB	2UB	Whenever you sacrifice a nontoken creature, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature, except it’s 2/2.	4/3		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEVitho Baun, Artisan of Flesh	WU	masterpiece	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	20	WU	1WU	WU, T: Choose target creature, then choose one —
• Until end of turn, that creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.
• Exile that creature, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2/4		normal	XSK		REPLACEMEAdaptive Automaton		masterpiece	Artifact Creature — Construct 	21	C	3	As Adaptive Automaton enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Adaptive Automaton is the chosen type in addition to its other types.
Other creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1.	2/2		normal	XSK		REPLACEMECryptic Gateway		masterpiece	Artifact	22	C	5	Tap two untapped creatures you control: You may put a creature card from your hand that shares a creature type with each creature tapped this way onto the battlefield.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEMindslaver		masterpiece	Legendary Artifact	23	C	6	4, T, Sacrifice Mindslaver: You control target player during that player’s next turn.			normal	XSK		REPLACEMESkullclamp		masterpiece	Artifact — Equipment 	24	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/-1.
Whenever equipped creature dies, draw two cards.
Equip 1			normal	XSK		REPLACEMEStrionic Resonator		masterpiece	Artifact	25	C	2	2, T: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy. 			normal	XSK		REPLACEME